Was in the first play test. We called it guard, and it was actually scaled based off of the armor they were wearing, and I decided that that was actually like a lot of words, and we we had chatted about turning this into basically temp HP, but we wanted to use a word that implied it could be used in other contexts.

For example, we didn't do it today, but I will run a play test where there is a high stakes negotiation encounter, and it is entirely verbal sparring, but instead of there being and basically the way this would work is. It's the same resolve as before. You don't lose Health when when you run out of resolve, but you lose the fight in the same way that in combat, you would have to be forced to retreat, uh, and by fight.

I mean, the argument, uh, and so the enemy would have just like in the combat we saw today, a bunch of D6s in front, and it's entirely verbal sparring, uh, you know, you can use cards to do things in that discussion. Um, but yeah, why resolve? Why not the word armor?

And it's for that reason so we can use the same term for anything. Yeah, no, that's fine. Um, so does the, but does that mean like, for example, chainmail yeah, uh, plate armor or scale mail, etc, etc, um, with those add to the resolve. Was that something to be considered sort of?

I I, I've pivoted away from equips u? The if I were to add them, it would look something more like this. It would be, um, you know, item when you would rule resolve for a combat. So, in other words, for like a literal physical fight, add 2d6 to that role.

It is an item that says you are tougher in fights, but it wouldn't be like a whole new mechanic. Oh, okay, gotcha. So, yeah, in that case, that actually would make your. Uh, yeah, it could just be an item. It would be an item, but the problem, of course, is that.

That is the item that, like, gives you. Resolve results, so I was really like extra HP, I mean, why not have it? Where, let's say, it's kind of like, what I have right here? Make it where, um, like, I don't know, the fighter Paladin monk, whatever you you have as part of your, uh?

Your class. It's meant to be wear armor. Yep. Shield and all that other stuff they can have, like a, a special area for them to do, like equipment, and they can. They could pick one, like at level one, one equipment that they can have is a car car? Like, what I have here is the Rogue, and that's part of their resolve to where they can go okay.

Well, we automatically get too resolve every encounter because I'm a paladin or I'm a fighter. I can get one additional resolve, or if the if the armor is really good two additional resolve it, that is such a good idea that that is the core abilities for the Paladin and fighter respective, okay, perfect.

So making sure that I'm understanding this, correct the fighter, the fighter's ability says. Start with three weapons in your deck, and every time you use a weapon, draw a card, and so he's like juggling his weapons, not literally, and like, using the unique effects to be a fighter, um, even if he's using the weapons outside of combat to do things like, I'm gonna treat.

This acts as a crowbar or whatever, so that's the fighter. And then the Paladin D. Gets additional resolve that they can put on themselves their core card, which they can use to reactively defend against attacks on their allies ban themselves, so the more beneficial to have that more like a universal rule between all the classes where and and what I mean by that is you have like an equipment area where the Rogue has it where they can.

They have a cool ability that they can have one on here, and then they can choose another one. So, technically speaking, the road can get two. Yeah, the fighter gets three or the Paladin does the same thing. He gets three or just the more the warrior class is. They get to have a more enhanced version of that equipment because it's kind of part of their kit as it were, yeah, I thought.

So, this is about philosophy, um of the game, and so now, you've added, like two or three e-quip slots, which are in your active area, which right, which implies that you can always access them in any scene whatsoever, and that has upsides and downsides. Um, the upside is obvious.

It feels kind of bad. If you don't have your weapon in the scene where you're in a fight, all right, that sucks, uh, and so that's why I give Milling abilities. Like with your item, your your sticky fingers is specific to you having mini item cards, right. Being able to freely draw through them if it's not relevant to the scene at hand that's by Design.

Same thing with the fighter's weapons. The downside. In my opinion, the downside of having a bunch of equip slots is it's just a character sheet again. You now have a bunch of abilities that you now can use that are always in front of you, which pulls away at what I think of as the most fun part of this, which is, how do I make sense of the five weirdest cards in my hand right now to progress the story?

Um, and unfortunately. There's some little narrative dissonance where, if I were to say, oh, you don't have your sword on you right now. Player be like, it's right, it's right here. What do you mean I don't have my sword and I'd say, well, in Instinct RPG, that represents your character kind of forgetting.

They have a sword in the first place, and I haven't been. I haven't found an easy way to solve that problem. Um, and if I introduce equipment into the game, it actually like forces that weird dissonance. Into view, and I want to see if I can get away with.

Like, I asked you more than two hours into the session. What weapon do you use, because because it doesn't matter if you're like I have a bow? I'm like, cool. It's a bow, I, I, it doesn't affect. This is not a game that requires maps and High Ground and and like three quarter, and so it's more of a storytelling type of video.

And, yeah, what you're trying to figure out is a way that you can be able to. Not make the equipment feel like a character sheet that you have to keep track of to where, like, what you draw through it and you draw through it. And that kind of thing.

And it is weird. It is weird for armor because you're like that is literally always on my body. I will say I liked the item cards a lot better than the equipment that we had in the first year because, by the, way, by the way, in the first flight test, each person got an armor based on, like, oh, he has heavy armor.

He has light armor, and it basically said at the start of combat game guard game resolve, uh, it was like, you had a different amount based on the type of armor that you got, or like, you rolled a different amount of dice for it, and I gave you a unique effect on a dagger that you could choose.

Yeah, we also had, like attacking items like daggers. Yeah, Barbarian had a club that was in attack with D12, which at the time I was, like, oh, that's sick, because you're more likely to roll high, but it really didn't make so much of a difference, and it was super awkward.

Oh, yeah, is with regards to kind of, uh, can you give me that core, um, that thing, right there, kind of just building the deck, as it were so? Where does? Uh, oh, oh, okay, I see it, where it says item tier one. Okay, cool. Yeah, I was gonna, I was gonna say, because I do see they have actions on them.

I was about to go through the counter's abilities, and that's what I was gonna ask, but no, I, I, my. My question has been answered by me to Simply verifying what what I will do to to conclude for now is to say it is. It is clear to me that there is some juice here in the system as a core because of how much fun we had playing it.

Oh yeah, and it's not just that y'all are great players, and it's fun to play with you, although that is a big part of it. I think this the system has sauce personally. Well, what I'm about to ask you is, where should my attention be over the next six days?

Because what's going to happen is, I'm gonna go home. I'm gonna work on this. I'm gonna be home. I'm home, uh, I'm gonna go to my desk. I'm gonna work on this. I'm gonna take notes from this transcript. Thankfully, um. And then, I'm going to make one or two big changes to test out like a scientist.

Let's keep everything the same and change this. And I'm gonna say one thing that's made my list is, what if everything was a skill check per dance? Comment like what? What if everything goes by, the way? The comment for today what we were testing today was, what if damage was always telegraphed?

And we did it in rounds rather than in individual actions, and we got to see that in action and generally. I am Jersey. Your thoughts, generally, my, my boat, is, it was a little bit easier to run, and it seemed more story, uh, interesting, which is already enough to me that feels like an improvement.

So? Uh, that is why I'm interested in hearing from you as a final sort of, like thought is, what should Nathan be focused on so I don't get distracted with with balancing rage as fun as that is, or you know, the dice economy because of leveling up. Like, what is something I should focus on for the next few days?

And I it. Just because Dan has Androids. So, I think the the biggest thing that I've noticed about this so far. Um is, I don't, you haven't had any, um, overlap in sessions, uh, well, he played both well, or you've had overlapping players, but you're not overlapping characters. Now, somebody's not playing the same deck both times.

Oh, I see. And basically, my point is, I think that, as it is right now, this is probably the best tabletop RPG for one shots. Yes, oh yeah, that was what we said to the other. It's actually my second bullet point is I, I think I could sell this.

I was like, this is maybe, like the strongest, uh, one shot system? Uh, yeah, because you built you literally build your character in a deck format. So, in that particular case, I would say one thing that you might want to consider. I don't think you should concentrate it out, but something in the future.

Sorry, I did want to do the rest of Dan's point and then, and I do want to hear that note. But yeah, because the reason I'm thinking about that is like, what if you give a player in the party like a key item. Yeah, yeah, and either. That's a part of the deck that unlocks a very specific door, which would be horrible drawing your hand any other time.

Yeah, um. But Like, or imagine not having in your hand when you get to the door it does unlock? Yep, so then, well, okay, then you would have to have it outside of your deck. Now, it's something that's written down that you own. That's in your person. That's that you have in your inventory, and I have something that's not your deck.

That's not your core cards that is separate. They have to keep track of. We did get a vial of protein powder. Yeah, I never use it. It's a good point. You ate it once. No, no, that's a good point. No, no, like the actual vial that the, uh, yeah, the yeah, so?

Just other stuff is happening on the table. So, yeah, so? Uh. To be tested, but something that I'm really excited to see tried out. Like, I don't think I currently think this as an opportunity is the idea of your decks shaping how your character is formed. We talked about scar cars entering your deck.

That's if you go down. But, for example, let's say you went on an escort mission with. Princess Peanut Butter Cup. The intent that I was going to test at some point today never got to because our Alliance called that went longer than I thought was that you were going to get her, and she was going to go into your deck.

I didn't have the time to actually format these cards correctly, but what I was going to tell you was that this card means while it is in your hand. It is a bond card, but specifically for the NPC. If you interact with her and, you know, grow your relationship with her on your quest, then both you and she will gain a boost die.

It's effectively a nudge to grow in your relation with her that goes near deck until the quest is over and you deposit her deposit back to her father, and then I would say, please give me the cards back. She's left your party. It is a way of representing that, but you're it with with respect on NBC.

This sits in the realm of feasible in any scene you drawn into your hand doesn't matter where you are. You could turn that into something, and to me, that feels fair if it's like a key to a chest on the other side of the world, then that feels unfair because you draw the card.

A cheap fix would be. I don't have a keyword for this, but it would basically be when you draw this if you don't want it. For the scene, you can immediately discard it to draw another card. It's kind of how your items cycle, so maybe it has the keyword Mill or Mulligan, or uh, a cantrip or whatever like you?

It can just draw itself sure. So you discarded. I don't need in the scene. Cool. That's like a cheap way to have it be in your character, but then, if it's just gonna be in your deck the moment you need it, do you are you? Do you just get to like, comb your deck and find it like that doesn't make any sense.

So, at that point, why not just have it be to the side of your character, and that might be okay, but there might be a section of our little player map. That's just that's just like inventory, and that would be for things that are not in your deck itself, which would need to be distinguished because I feel like, for one thing, if you were to give somebody like the vorpal sword that makes sense for it to be a ability card that's in the decade, and that would make sense to be cool and interesting and fun.

But again, for, like? Key. Yep, that's you know, the? The key to the final boss room of the dungeon, like? I mean. It shouldn't go into your deck. I agree, uh, I'm gonna give a few more examples to to ignite some ideas. Um, but things that have not been tested yet, uh, because I haven't like designed sessions that exhibit this well.

So, NBC cool, um, status effects and conditions you go into a Maki swamp, and the air is toxic and poisonous. Everyone give me effectively Constitution safe, or it'd be a con check. You roll whoever fails. I hand them a card that says you have swamp lung anytime. It's drawn to your hand.

It's a bane card, so you already know how they work because the flaw cards teach you that, um, you need to then reveal to me, it'll say on the card itself, reveal to me how, um, your your swamp long, uh, presents itself. And then you're going to make a check if you succeed.

You clear this condition if you fail, then it will negatively affect you, blah, blah. You're exposed or whatever keyword I want to use. And that is, that is something that can affect you. What about curses? Uh, an old witch curses you, haha. And that goes into your deck until screw you until you clear it.

Like it, just it just is, um, I think those things should go straight into your hand. I agree. Oh, okay, sure not into your deck. It depends on what it is. Yeah, that type of concept to me is like, that seems like it would be. Like a direct effect that goes into your hand basically permanently until you clear it.

Yes, reduce hand size, yep, and I, I actually have a a. And encounter. I really want to run. That is like a stealth Mission. And this is entirely ripped off of the board game Clank, which is awesome, but it would be at the start of the encounter. I would say, hey, take your entire decks.

Here are five Clank Parts noise cards, shuffle them in. Whenever you draw a clank card, the enemy security meter goes up by one. Yeah, and then once, once it hits 10. You're out of time. So, as a group, you're watching that number go up as a result of your natural card progression.

Now, that could just be told I don't see why it couldn't be, but it connects it to your cards by in a way stripping you of certain other cards. It would also be interesting to have some sort of like. I'm in a self-mission. Maybe every Clank is a, you have to make another self check in order to avoid making the sound it's and what makes the car really tall.

Yeah, it'd be a. It'd be a bane that tells you describe how you make noise, uh, and so it's just prompting you to get the card out of your hand by describing it. Oh, gotcha, gotcha, um, in the same way and the same way that flaws play themselves because players are incentivized too.

By the end of the the scene, do you have like four of them or by the end of the the thing you, you don't want to make any noise. So, by the end of the encounter, you've got like four planks. Yep, and you're just like, okay, I'm going to make so much noise right now.

Rules is written. That would be a loud based on how Bain's work, but you know, I, I. This is where we're in the realm of encounter design, so I'm gonna undistract myself. Sorry about that and get back to the main question, which is, what should Nathan focus on for the next play test.

You got it. I was the one other thing, um, I think the the Rogue cards for their core. Like what you say with the sticker fingers those, I think, need to be updated? Um, with their right car, and which I'm pretty sure you've already done. Um, but the reason I say that is because I was having a hard time trying to track.

That whatever, because I was looking at the car because I was going well, wait, what in here says that I can, um, put three cards out, and then I could be able to flip that kind of thing, or like with sticky fingers. I couldn't be able. I was, I was going.

Okay, I could be able to have a an item. How's this card work that they have scribbled on in Sharpie. Yeah, how is this working? Yeah, go ahead and assume that any cards that need to be updated, that is, that is obviously prerogative for mine, but I, I'm thinking more systems and rules, uh, you know, what makes the game sing what he's when he's so much.

I will say the bond also would be another thing that I think would be something to focus a little bit on. Um, and to be clear. You are saying that because you want it and desire it, and it is fun, or are you just looking at something that doesn't work, and you ask me to fix it.

Like, I'm okay, if you, Andrew, let's get rid of it entirely. I think this is fun. I like the idea of the bomb card. I think it just needs it. Just, I think that's it as well. Yep, rebalance it. No, no, it balanced. It's a balance balance. Oh, oh, sure, yeah, yeah, yeah, I mean, honestly, it could.

It could be that the reward is not. It could be that the bond card draws itself when you activate it. So it is, it is effectively boost one free card draw. I bet that would be worth it. I guess that would just be buffing it. It would be the same card, because never mind, it's just the same idea.

Yep, if I remember correctly, I think you have Trace if I'm not mistaken. Which traits are instincts, right? Traits are, I was sad to not have backgrounds. It would be great backgrounds, fact, just because it made it easier to like add some texture to your story. Yeah, I mean, I remember they were.

They were fun cards. They weren't live. I have no idea. They, they. I ported a template over and then lost all the abilities just printed on them. No idea how that is a pretty easy fix. Yeah, so I would, uh, with, because I just a trace of bond is more along the lines of flakes one, uh, another player.

Yeah, division of bond is have a scene with another player. I think I think the the traits of flaws are more of the ones that play off of each other because you get five instincts and one flaw, right? And I renamed them to instincts because they were origin called Strengths and then traits.

And then I, I wanted to illustrate why your character is behaving that way by reinforcing the name of the system, which is to say, it's in your hand. It's, it's. You're feeling right now, so you tell me you tell me why you feel that way. Um, I actually agree more with the idea of there being two flaws.

Yeah, no, I'm not kidding it. Two flaws, I think I think one clause, if it it makes it too rare, is it? Is it in more interesting or needlessly admin or something in between if I, if the second flaw like one flaw is, let's call it like virtue? It's like, it's a vice.

Uh, and then the other one is like a. And sometimes it's not like a disability, but like probably the acting surreptitiously and like or like against your values like, no, this is my character's value like they will always act on this. He's, like, oh, you have. You just have to lie to this card together, then it's like, no, actually, I'm not gonna be forging these documents.

We are going in Legend or something, like, oh wait, you were thinking of using a virtuous term in a in a negative way as though it works like, like, my ideal, like I, I would just have that be the word idealistic. Yeah, and that that it's just by definition, a flaw, so you don't have to use to be in a negative way.

What you were, like, maybe there's two different kinds of flaws. Vibrations really like, no, okay. That, hey, that's what I'm here for. I think that is complexity that is needed anyway. The spread and flaws is diverse enough. You could probably pick two that are probably different to me with having two flaws is.

What happens if you have two flaws in your hand and then suddenly draw better? Okay. God, tough beans, I, I will say, bro. Gotta draw better certain classes and items technically are supposed to help with that in that. Um, like the cleric allows you to? Discard Bain cards. I like that it's like, anyway, but which in this case would be the cleric.

Be like, no, don't be hot-headed. Which I think is actually kind of cool, uh or something. So, yeah, all right. Bond counteract. Now that's an idea you can have it or a bond can counteract the flaw. That is interesting, but if the two words don't line up, it would feel really forced.

Yeah, the question I have is, I was just saying how it was Niche Bond's kind of balance, not balanced, literally. But, like they kind of are the inverse of flaws. If we have two flawage, we have two bonds, or let me let me, let me completely throw something out here.

Um, the? What if bonds were not certain words because I wrote them to be like Dynamic, like the party Dynamic you play sharp eye spark? What if your bond cards were literally? The names of other characters in your party. And so, at the start of the session. You took.

I was, like, well, with more players, then you have like a bunch of these, and you, what, it's like, you take, you take one. No, no, no, but no, seriously. You have you take one and you have two character bonds? Yeah, but but let me let me finish, so throw that out.

So imagine that you're in a party of two or three or five or six, or whatever, and, and so, yeah, yeah, yeah. So you don't take all of the bond cards you randomly draw one or two. Let's just say one for now. Yeah, so there's four of you. Each of you has four copies or a copy of each of your other favorite fellow players.

You take one of them at random, and it goes in your deck. And when it's in your hand, the card says that character, um, uh, you know, blah, blah, blah. Demonstrate a scene in which you're growing closer to them or learning from them or supporting them in some way, and as a result, both of you gain a boost or something.

So, it is not a it's not an ideal, like, sharp start by. It is a person that you're targeted, targeting as a result of drawing the card into your hand. And you don't know who they're gonna be at the start of the session, which makes it like, I guess, like a little fun.

I mean, maybe what it could be? Is that just a bond is just every care? Every character just has a bond card with their own character's name, and yep, you shuffle it up. Um, and everybody draws one. Oh, that is cool. Then everyone guarantees, gets hit by someone, and then if you draw your own card, uh, connect with yourself.

That's that. Wait, that's actually kind of cool, though. Yeah, it's maybe get a solo scene. Well, if you draw yourself, that would be a indication of personal growth instead. That's actually I, I don't know. I don't know about you. That, to me, seems really cool. Um, I don't know if y'all are gonna miss these particular words, but if it was that at the start of the session, everyone puts their character.

It'd be a bond card, their own bond card in the middle Shuffle, um, don't look shuffled into your deck. And then the cards are basically what they were before, which is, do a thing with that person, and you both get a boost. I'll just say I like the character building aspect of the like.

This is my kind of party. Yeah, you felt you felt specifically the bond cards added to that in some way. Yeah, uh, I have an idea if we do with two flaws. Yeah, then we could have Bond card as they are now. Yeah, as well as the character Bond card, yeah?

Yeah, we'd call it something else. It'd be like a a connection. Yeah, actually, yeah, why not? Uh, but they would do but see what I was thinking is that they could still be technically Bond cards as a category. Yeah, but? One of them is you're connecting on a certain emotion that your character cares about and or ideology or something like that, or you're connecting with another character because you, just to me, I would say they both have the same mechanical effect.

It comes down to your like, prompt wording. Yep, and actually, if the what are now called connection cards fulfills, what the thing that I wanted, which was to organically bake scenes between player characters? In a way that I think is quite elegant and fun. I'm going to take my shot and call that now, uh, the.

This doesn't have to be written this way anymore. It can be more of like an expression, uh, so it is no longer. I have to choose another person and as a direct result of me doing a very specific pointed thing at them. We both get a boost. This could just be.

An emotional element that is unique to me. That is not an instinct per se, like, what separates it from Instinct at the moment? It's just like growth, it's just growth. What's the point of the game that every single card in your hand is your like, Instinct in the moment.

Yeah, yeah, I don't know. I could just call them strengths again, but um, so what if this the reward for this was not you and the other person gonna boost die, because that's by far the most common reward. But this was your rest card? It is a card in your deck that, in the middle of a scene, where you think you can use it.

You reflect on or grow in this way, and you get a short rest effect, which I'm making it up. Now, would be like, you get to re-roll your two lowest hit dice, or you get to maximize, uh, what your your lowest hit die or add. Regain just straight up.

Gain a hit die that you don't have. I'm assuming you're not an aspects that I'm kind of realizing also is. What if and it could be choose? Uh, corks card. Yep, then that's probably. Um, maybe I can just simply use that card to basically to unjustified Aid on whatever he's doing.

Um, if I don't play the card? Uh, I actually kind of like the idea of that being like a super Aid. Well, actually, frankly already, with the way this works. Uh, it will already introduce, though you both gained boost one. And so, oh yeah, it's kind of just a Super Aid.

What? What we will now call? Like expression or car. I might just call this rest a rest card or a growth card, and it will be choose three, uh, to choose from one of these, um, and one would be heal, which is a good opportunity if you've lost some health to go ahead and heal.

Yeah, the second is, if you, hey, if you're feeling pretty good, you can use it to grow or reflect on this trait that you've chosen and gained, uh, boost, which is just inspiration, right. Um, and uh, the third option is, I don't know, draw a draw. All the two cards like, that's like, plan ahead, and so you get to draw two cards for this particular scene or whatever.

Then, the connection card, I think, could also just be a pick from list. It could be a super eight for them as a reaction, or it could be an action with two different options, one of which is like you both. Gain resolve or you both can draw a card or you both whatever and then that is a scene between the two of you and then the Boost option, obviously.

So I will just throw this out. I feel like. The number of card type selections that we have for character creation. Yep, whatever you're like, oh, I'm gonna end, like. Now, it's going to be a connection card, and I find myself just being like, do I want another card type?

Yeah, add it to your Loadout or just like, do even more like another one opinion. Like, I'm like, I'm okay, picking more of the same thing, but I'm like, do we like, do I want more types? I was gonna say, in my opinion, it makes sense for Bond for the connections and bonds to still the same credit type, um.

And anything we call them all bonds. Yeah, well, kazame, um, but cuz, what I'm imagining is like, for the other, one it. It's a bond between him and that person, sure. But logistically, you still need to instruct the player on take that type of that Bond card and also this other type of that bond card?

Well, the thing is, it's the the bond card or the connection card is something that's just automatically happening to everybody. At the beginning of the session, sure? It's not a character creation thing that you're adding to your deck. It wouldn't, even yeah, it wouldn't even be on this list.

Technically, it would be, I think, convenient for the GM. If, during like character setup, it said, get a connection card and write your character's name on it. Well, yeah, and then that's. And that's it that you've done it. So, in a way, it's not that much more work. You're not actually choosing, and you're not filling anything in other than your name.

Yeah, but? Um, it is a lot. It's a lot of car types. Day side effect of it, sort of just being, like, part of how? I want there to be different textures to the cards. Yeah, yeah. I don't know something. I, I am. I'm just gonna say it feels less to me.

It feels like less burdened to say. Pick two flaws then to be like, pick a flop and then a vice. For example, oh well, I, I was not fully sold on that. So, I think, no, I'm convincing of separating card types like I would rather. So, yeah, it's, I, I feel like, I guess to your point, then it's either.

It should be just bonds or just connections. That. That would be my preference. So I was moving in the direction I was. Get rid of what is currently called the bond card, this specific thing, and then go just with a single connection card. Your comment was I actually did.

Like, specifically, the unique element that this word allowed me for my character creation. So now, I'm back. Now, I'm back on having both. And then, I wanted to rewrite this to be more of, like, a rest opportunity. Like, I catch your breath, um, essentially short rest, but tied to a personality trait opportunity.

Like in the session, short rest implies an hour, so I mean like a minute you like, so they're busting down the door, and then you'd be like while they're doing that. I'm gonna do this, and then you gain hit. You gain a hit die, and you describe how you're reflecting on this particular thing.

Yeah, I just then the other issue is, and it kind of sucks if you don't draw into it at any point during the session you should, if the session is four scenes long, you're guaranteed to sure. And this, this session was exactly, uh, so I, um, I draw my last hand, I don't know.

The first scene was long, but then we did Tower fight. Oh no, you're right. I only did three scenes five Drew through my entire deck because of my range. Sure, yes, I, I know, you did. Yes, um, but I, I noticed that, and you never did the, uh, the training ability.

Oh, that's probably why I didn't, because you, you didn't have to. I just it's an option. Which I only put it in under the fear. That's gonna have five, uh, Instinct cards in hand, and I think it deserves to be in there, but I don't like, it's just like an extra rule.

An extra an extra ability, so to speak. So, I still to me, I? I like that there is the bomb card where it is just like you encourage another character in this way. Pick in effect. Maybe it's like you both get boost you both get. Yeah, HP. Maybe that's a maybe that's basically the downtime action, the dagger heart, right, like, do this, or this or this, but, but because you could both get boost.

It could just be like a more a Super 8, basically, but I'm like, I don't think we should have a type. You can increase result. That is, yeah, yeah. Maybe we could or like, maximize our resolve dice, or like, add a resolve dice? For the sin. Um. Okay, just because of like you?

Yeah, it's essentially a super eight, or, and you are, like, my character, is this type of character? I'm the smart guy I'm aiding, because I am like encouraging and validating what this person is doing. What if? To increase what you're looking for, which is like, like, actual scenes is, what if you play it and it stays in front of you for a while?

And then. Um, to like, get its effects or something. Or like, I don't exactly know what it would do and just spitballing an idea, which is just that, it stays in front of you, and then later you activate it from your hand. You discard it, and you start a scene with that character.

That you that you that you. It's like an interstitial between scenes. You're like, I'm gonna throw out something else. Yes, I mean, I'm just, I'm just thinking, yeah, crazy ideas. Okay, it feels a little feeling a little clunky to me. Sure, what? I think he's talking about his own.

Um. What I think would work is that you when you play it and you narrate a previous experience that your characters had together that is similar to what is happening. Flashback, yeah, oh. I like that this reminds me of time in Brew the past. Yeah, I'm not kidding. That's really so.

Like, already, we play with Canon with the way that Ace works for Rogue and the fact that, like the the Warlock Patron, kind of like interrupts the scene in distinct ways. I am very okay with playing with the media of the story in order to encourage fun game moments.

So, yeah, let me let me see if I understand this. It would be Bond card. Yep, wait. Is this the bond card with the players character name on it or I I am? I was just like from the player character Bond card. Yeah, personally, to me. I like, this is another card you're describing a flashback, so it would also not be this with the particular keyword on it.

It would be the keyword, so how does it as? Work. I have it, and I'm now going to think about how specifically I was a sharp eye in a previous scene, but also with a specific character. Well, I am helping this character out in this scene by maybe sharp eye is not the best example of it because that to me feels a lot more specific than the ones like Sparks.

I think maybe what the issue is that sharp eye specifically should be a? This feels like a trait. Yeah, I. It feels like its Instinct a or sorry, an instinct or ability or. Uh, like it, just. It doesn't feel like a bond. That's fine. This food does. Yeah, okay, let's use this.

This is loyal to a fault. Yeah, clearly a bond card. Okay, great. You are loyal, yes, and drawn into my hand. Help me out. I, I am helping this person out. Okay, they know me, you're in danger, and I'm gonna be loyal to you specifically. Yes, I am being loyal to you specifically, and we have that relationship, because in the past, we had this experience together, and you, so the prompt.

Would you know it would prompt the player? It would be something like, um. Display this Bond trait towards another player character or another player at the table. Um, how you showed your loyalty to them in the past? They got a boost or okay, but if that's exactly what this card says, and there's no, like modifiers or creative, like, uh, conditions around it.

I would draw it and every time I play this and I'm targeting you. I would come up with a, I guess, like a new memory with the same emotion being loyal. It would be you know what I mean, like the next session, the next set. So I'm like, I'm loyal to, and I think of the history.

This goes into what I was saying earlier. Is that this is? This is really great for one shots. Yeah, but not as great as you are repeatedly playing it. So here's the crazy thing, I know you are. Uh, or you, you have so far not been so high on the connection cards.

I might just steal your idea for connection cards. Sure. So imagine a card now, so I'm getting rid of this term now. So this has cork on it, and I don't know. That's the that's because remember, we did the shuffle thing that Dan mentioned. So, it's in my deck, drawn in my hand, and it reads something like this.

Connection colon cork, handwritten in by Ben, and it would say. During this scene. Uh, narrate how this reminds you. Of a moment that you've shared with the with the character in the past.

Confront this, or if you describe this to the character, then both of you gain boost one. So, it is me, it is me doing the I know a guy flashback, but to you, based on the current scene that we're in, which means it changes every time it comes up, just phrasing wise.

Yeah, remind them remind them. Yeah, exactly. The scenario to look a encouraging boost, so we do like a like, just straight up random. Um, I draw court, and it is, I'll do scene too. So, we're in the tower, and we are trying to get in. Yeah, at the door.

And then, I'm, like, okay, you did something interesting. This is probably the best time for me to take advantage of this, so I, uh, okay, improv. Okay, um. And I go cork. And then that's way. That's, by the way, when you find out that I was the one who had your secret admire a card, right?

So, I'm like, who cork, um, you know? This really reminds me of the time that we were at the food stand, and you decided that you were so angry at the hot dogs they saw you pick up the whole cart, and you threw it at the door and busted it down, and your character was, like, ha.

Yeah, I remember that, or I don't know, that makes me mad. And then, that's kind of it. I guess it's just like it's just lore. And then we both gained a boost as a result of that it's. Yeah, cute, I don't. It doesn't do it. Well, I would say, is it a boost too?

Is it similar to the inst the way that you can just buff one of your actions with your own Instinct. That allows you to Instinct buff someone else. Instead, wait. Instinct buff because the instinct is a plus two tier. Oh wait, oh, you're saying, super great. So, so, like you're about to Chuck it, you haven't chucked it yet.

Yep, and then I, and then I stop, you and I go, you know, you have done this before. You know what this reminds me of? I don't know if that'll fly. Story wise, it feels weird. Yeah. Dang! There's something here for sure. I mean, I'm gonna reiterate the goal.

The goal is to organically encourage players to do inter character scenes, um, and they have to be short because they can. It can take place in any scene, including a combat. Technically, I love the idea of like someone draws this card, and it says, you know, trillion, and we're on the battlefield getting hit with arrows, and I'm like, okay, so my my eyes are drawn to this hand, and I see that there's a lot of threat incoming, or that it, you know, it's the second round of combat as you've taken some damage, and that would be the key for me to go.

I'm gonna run over to your side of the battlefield because, like, I kind of want to anyways, and then. I, maybe I defend you because it kind of feels right. I'm, like, defend you the way that Michael did, and I go, hey. Remember when we fought against The Archers on the Mountaintop or something like that, and then that's just?

Yeah, it was like, I've come to your defense. Yeah, before, and I'm doing it. Yeah, I here I, I will banish Ben. He's been super helpful, but uh, I can talk forever about this. Uh, yeah, so I will, I will. I'll put in the transcript that after all of that conversation.

Uh. My current vote, which can be swayed, use the Discord is I am going to both change the bond cards to what we discussed and introduce a new connections card. Yes, another card type that is going to encourage this type of behavior, and I want to see what it feels like, and I am gonna do two flocks.

I think the deck is gonna go from like 20 to like 24 now. Um, and we're gonna have. I'm glad I feel like that's the time. Yeah, I think the number of them is 23. Well, we could dip we could dip into the five instincts. I'd be okay, pulling one or two of those out, because yeah, I made up the number five to fill the deck up to 20.

So, like? We could do whatever we want with the distribution there, being five of them simply because they replace. Oh no, these are shoes, uh, he'll he'll be back. He'll be back guys, uh, real quick. I wanted to give a little update about the map. I wish I had been working on, um, so things got a little crazy.

Yeah, then life, and of course, um. So basically, where I stopped was, I was, like, I need to redo this, and this, I have slightly added some stuff up here and some islands as well. And I neither renew the Ruby pod so, but so far. Okay, uh, and then I'm gonna add the city here.

Like the central Emerald egalitarian, cool? Uh, and this is what I have for amethysts aluminum Lakes going this way inside. This way, it just kind of happening, and I forgot what this with the circle here. Uh, so this is on Gardia right here. Okay, I did this at the very center.

It makes sense. Oh, there's like a mode, and also it looks like an eye to symbolize otherwise, always watching you. Hey, I'll take it originally. I, I've done exactly a miniature, and it was like tucked into the mountains directly, because that's where they they naturally folded in, but like one you could, you could.

You could just do that here. You could just have mountains kind of just be like in the middle of the kingdom and have it like tuck into the city. Yeah, but if you want it to be water as a defensive measure. That's fine, but, uh, just so you know, thematically.

Like, ab duration abgardia, it is, it is, like, wait, wait, hang on. Watch this. Watch this. Watch this. You're gonna be my, your mind's, gonna be blue mine's gonna be blown. This other range. Hello, it's a good mountain to this. Golly, yeah, yeah. There's a mountain right in the middle.

Wait a lonely now, so the middle of the city is just a single Mountain. There's just a mountain where our gardenia is. Yeah, yep, um, the only reason I have these is to just show you where the, the four conservatories. Yeah, wait three conservatories, conservatories, and uh, for, um, there's four, right?

No, there's three. So, yeah, I tried. I tried you guys trip Port City up here. We should probably change that out to a to a board state. Yeah. Um, but this is where the major settlements in Sapphire are, yep. Um, and then, I mean, I haven't really put any other teams.

You're good. This looks great Red. Rock down here. Yep, yep. Love it! You got your little arena. And then, of course, your yeah, it's like a zoomed it. A zoomed out version of your map. So, the only real thing to do, I did make this figure. Yeah, so generally other, uh, the only canonical thing that I think it was actually here.

Is that, um, there are, yeah, this just because it affects capital offense. There are there were some cities outside the walls? Absolutely. They're they're obvious cities here. I mean, the crater here for cryo. Yep, yep. And then, presumably those outside the walls, like the outside, the walls. Yeah. So, what I was going to do.

I have two statues here should represent the walls of of amethyst in another giant. Effigies of like, freaking, you know, the the king or some some God from long ago, right? Uh, let me just put my other note in here. That was, okay, so the only other canonical, important note is.

You've, you've turned the opal Refuge from a singular Island into this archipelago, sort of like Delta system, which on paper is fine. Um, we need it to be clear to the viewer that there's one singular like miasmic Haze that coats the entire area in illusion. And so with an island that was easy.

I could just say the island is Enchanted if we're gonna do it. This way it needs to be like. Once you step into the Mist, you'll forget your way. I'm okay if it's not an island, but I need to be clear that it is one singularly protected entity. Yes, because it's not like some of the islands are protected.

No, I was definitely going to add mist, um. Other than that, okay, everything else is entirely stylistically great. And your call, uh, but those are the two kids.