Read this dice. I have all the dice that you could need right here in my big box of miscellaneous D6. You may use your own, of course. So, let's step back a level. My goal in general is to sorry you will. You will not need most of those dice.

I had to do it like, this is the only way like, also come closer, come closer, better. I, this is where I will sit, and then Michael will join on the other side of you here so. Uh, I am recording just FYI. It's mostly for my note, taking with everything from gameplay balancing your reviews your like, live reactions.

So, um, in general. If you say something out loud, I want you to expect it to get into my notes for when I do. Everything. When reviewing this session, from redesigning cards and fixing classes to the systems as a whole, and so don't think that by saying it, you are definitely swaying me, but it is really important data, so speak freely.

Give me your honest thoughts, say the best kinds of phrases you could say are I was expecting X, but instead got why, and that was bad, or that was good, um, or it feels cool to be able to Z, or it doesn't feel great that A or B. So, using direct statements is how it makes you feel as a player is more helpful to me than you, saying, ah, feels like.

Boost 2 should be boost three on this card. That is way less helpful because we're not at the stage in the game's designed for me to care about balance at all. If something is so overpowered or so underpowered that it's causing you to like right now, feel like you can't do stuff or feel like you can't choose anything else because what you have to choose from.

Then, I'll make a change on the Fly, so that way we can enjoy today's session, but overwhelmingly the most important thing is usually the phrase. Follow the fun, fun. What in this system makes you go? I want to play that again, or even better, I want to run this for my friend group.

Those are the kinds of things that I am looking for today. Now, I'm going to take one step even further back. Why did I make this? What's the goal of this system? So one of the things that for me was I'll call it a little bit frustrating, um, with ttrpgs like, even even the, you know, the the illustrious 5th edition and Dagger Heart, which I love running.

Is that ultimately you have a character sheet that has a bunch of junk on it and your optimal? I'll use that. A quotation marks the way that you are intended to play these characters. Is that it is more of a resource management game. You have five spell slots and two potions and one action surge, and you know, and your goal, I suppose, is to progress through whatever story the gym is prepared for you and to use those resources as you see fit.

But what that means, technically, is that your character sheet is filled with a lot of stuff that you can use. At any given time guaranteed. And so, when you're looking at that charactery, that's a lot. That's actually a lot to remember. And weirdly, you end up not using a lot of it because you know, as much as DND pretends to balance everything you get to a point in the game where you know really what your most powerful combo is, and you do that thing over and over again.

I'm talking specifically about combat, but it let's say that you're a fighter, and you're not in combat. Well, then you kind of have nothing. You have zero utility because there are no class-based abilities allow you to do things outside of combat. So, regardless of what class or character you are or how you've built them generally, is one or two dominant things to do.

Let's shake the formula up instead of a character shaver. You're expected to remember everything on it. Let's lighten the rules and give you a hand of cards. I'm not going to send you a file or a link, really, and in the Discord thread. And that Discord thread. Hold on.

Is going to be your? Primer. It's your teach as to how this game system works. After I. Uh, struggle for him to actually grab it. Okay.

Okay. Well, that makes me think about this arriving the equipment Tab in dagger heart, which I don't think I almost ever click on. Yeah, it was like, I never remembered that we have potions or anything like that. Yeah, you're. Like, why is my armor suddenly way weaker. It's, like, well, you forgot to actually put on your armor that that happened in the very first session in notorious where Hannah Hannah's, like I got CR, like I took severeign, not from a nine.

I think you, you think you, you forgot to equip your armor, so? Uh, a lot of times where I'm like, I'm almost like, I'm gonna die. Yeah, it happened in our last show where I'm, like, wait, I could have just drank a helicopter. Yeah, I could. I could have just.

Yep, it's true, taking the potion. And potions you drink are more effective because of me too. Yeah, but I just don't remember that there there. So? I will give you a quick. Baby tutorial on this web app. My goal actually is to create like a QR code with various systems, and you have this really cool idea.

Once the game is much more mature, that the the ability cards themselves, sort of a tiny QR code, so that in the middle of gameplay, you could go straight to the page where right now you can leave comments on those cards, but I want to reiterate that. That's not what I want, because we're not at the stage.

What's that? Um, I'll try to have cards that had QR codes built into them. Nice. How you can build a digital collection by like scanning cards in as you unpack them, um? Uh, hold on. Let me fix the URL, so you can tap it okay. Tap that second link.

I just put in Discord for everyone, and here's what. Going to Nazi? Come back. Oh no, it's, uh, oh, no, it's. A liquid sandbox, I believe. Hold on. I'm hosting it on GitHub. I have Instinct RPG design at the planet. But you can see, you can see a page that this link should not work.

I, I have this. Oh, there it is. Oh, that's true. I put the link in the yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, actually, you're right, you're right, this, no, because that link got outdated when I moved the repo. Let's see if this works because I tried to go back to it because I was when you posted the complexity simplified thing.

I wanted to go back and look at a few cards so that I was, like, oh, this link is broken, any recommended. I move it to a shared repo, which, while a good idea, immediately broke every link that I've never created so. Unfortunately, I am. Hold on. It might be faster if I go to my computer in just a second, but let's see if I can grab it from here well.

I'm gonna grab a soda. Thank you so much. Let's do it. Actually, I'll take one as well, and I will grab. Also, I only have three about it. Oh, those ones. Yes, I wasn't sure. If do ginger beers kick you straight in the schnoz Souls, one student kind of makes me want to try it.

Favorite soda of any soda. All right, I gotta go to the computer once I got it.

My body is not happy. Okay, uh, so in the same Discord thread, tap the most recent one, which we'll read. I think eloquent sandbox.github, yeah, Instinct TT RPG, I think I said RPG there. It is, so got it. Um, for newcomers, type your name in, and it'll actually create you kind of a cached version of your account.

There's no login formally, but it'll remember your IP address and use that to make it easier. Chrome, all right. It looks like I'm gonna be playing the, oh no, not Ranger, uh, do not. Yeah, you can tap on the cards if you want. But here's what I want you to actually click.

I'll show you, my, my phone here. I want you to tap player primer. This is basically just a baby tutorial and what I'm gonna do is I want you to imagine that I'm not here. In fact, I'm not the creator of the game. Your GM is just someone who has said, hey, I'm gonna run this.

Read this before we start playing, um. Go ahead and read it all the way down to the bottom. That's going to take you roughly five to ten minutes. Don't ask any questions. Get to the very end, and then I want you to talk to each other and see if you can figure it out.

I want to listen to one by me. I want my phone to listen to it and use that to figure out how clear the rules are or anything that needs better explaining. There are a few things that it does say will be explained later. That's that's intentional. Maybe five to ten business.

My goal is to Eric soda and burp aggressively into the mic. Good.

Okay.

Okay.

Okay, cool, so. Okay, I dropped a five car.

Added this card. Okay? So, imagine the moment you ran out of cars. You basically just reshuffle yourself. Are you asking the other players I'm testing whether my rulebook can stand on its own, so you're not allowed to ask me questions until you're all done. Okay? I'm still reading. I'm a very slow reader.

Oh, no worries. Yeah, and almost intentionally, Ben has played before, so he, he would represent like a, a once veteran, a one-time veteran player that can't answer some of your questions on my behalf to see if that actually ends up making. I am skimming some of the sections cool.

Yeah, I know this, but um, the stuff that's different is, is interesting. Yeah, yeah, yeah. There are some changes. Um, but as for your question, um, at least the way that we played it previously, is that when you run out of your hand for a scene you are out for that scene.

That doesn't mean that you can't do anything. It just means that you can't, you don't have abilities that you can pull from, but you can still generically be like, do this. Okay, so essentially, a generic. So, basically, the moment that you run out of cards essentially or from your hand, you're out of the scene.

Okay, no, you're not out of the scene. You just don't have any special abilities of the scene. That's what I was getting at it. Basically, you don't have any more abilities to do, but you can kind of like, do social stuff. I would imagine, I think you could still do.

Anything that you want. Okay, well, you can still be like, I'm gonna attack this person. You just wouldn't have any, maybe, like special triggers. Oh, I gotcha. Okay, I guess whatever else, okay, cool was on the cards. This is very cool. No. I like that the cards aren't specific to a specific scene type, I see.

So this one actually is pretty, uh. Two on the base. Okay, so you can. Okay, so basically, these are your special abilities. Yeah, this is for all of your other stuff. Yeah, okay, cool. Got it, so you kind of want to pick and choose? Well, you still roll for your special abilities, right?

Okay, yeah, oh, okay. Now, I'm starting to pick it up now, so there's certain abilities. I could probably just in other words to be in play almost like, uh, they're constantly. Triggering. Got it.

Cool, and then a six, okay?

Okay, plot this.

Fire Health pool okay?

Okay, cool.

Oh, sweet! So, it looks to me, like, uh, this resolve? Rule is a nice little. Playable type of thing, it seems interesting. What do you mean by playable type of thing, uh? Essentially, from what I could tell, is it? It hits multiple areas, like combat. It also is good in social counters too, um, Etc things of that nature, so it has multiple areas that it goes into.

Yeah, I know. After I read it, I think of it as like. You know, this? It's described as a defensive pool, and so I think the idea is that, you know, it could be your physical armor, and like, I'm holding a shield, or it could be my like mental resolve against the magical effect, or even like, my ability to.

Hold my cool in like a conversation, right? Yeah, that's what I was getting at is, is like that, which very nice. Yeah.

Once everyone feels like they are done and have answered their own questions or come up empty. We can move apart and take your time, by the way, because I'm gonna cut Michael's cards right now. So, I still just only fish section six. I, this is also in a in a way timing how long it takes.

Okay. I know, I just got to.

I think the only part that I'm confused by right now is. The threat dose? Once we're at seven when it says we're rolling our own thread ties, and so we have our HP dice. We have our we roll our resolved ice. And then we roll. We're, we're potentially rolling our checks.

And then. I guess I just don't know what a threat dice is yet, although you're you're. Fellow party members a chance to answer any kids to find out, but I wouldn't be surprised if that, like most things in combat, is something that you just learned by two. And if that's even whatever, yeah, what I?

When I read this, I was like, I feel like I'm just gonna need to to play that out to get a sense of like it should have. What am I wrong? Like, you'll learn this. Later, or you'll learn this after you do your first encounter or something like that.

That's the intent. I don't want people to feel nervous like you're supposed to know what's going in. Because the goals for this resource to be something that GM's just point to their players and say, read this first. And then, when you get to the table, we'll we'll talk about everything else.

I have a question. For resolve. Does resolve determine? Who starts in an encounter, kind of like initiatives, or is it okay, hey, are you answering questions? Oh, fair enough. I don't know. Work, then is it kind of like how?

High stakes encounters, which I'm assuming is just another word for combat. Yes, because it's to find that because it should have a statement saying yeah, uh, yeah, it says some scenes carry real immediate Stakes, a fight, an intense confrontation. It's just that look when we are used to other tabletop RPGs.

A high stakes encounter sounds like a boss fight, specifically rather than. Um, because an encounter in my mind means fight awesome, good call out. And thanks for speaking into the microphone instead of me, because you know where the real notes that you take? Oh, no, I wasn't, even, yeah, um?

But yeah, it was just so. But yeah, and it's in the action. It says each player takes one action simultaneously in any order. Choose how to spend it. Yeah, what I think would be interesting here is just that. A scene is defined earlier just as like a thing that happens, and then you start using the phrasing for encounter.

Yeah, of course it might be more. It might just be a high stakes scene. Yeah, I mean definitionally, I mean, an encounter or an encounter is the start of a new scene because it's when you're, I mean, when people say you enter combat that, that in my system is, you start a new scene.

And so we either encounter is a subset of scenes, or you just say the scene changes. What does the scene change, like, say that? I'm working on persuading a guard, and then I do so poorly. Yeah, and then you're like, all right? Well, now they're going to attack. Is that then a scene change and I then discard my hand draw new hands, and we are now moved into a high stakes encounter.

Or do we just roll forward? Probably not. Uh, it is probably so it is entirely based on the stakes, which is GM discretion okay, um? There's, I think. I'm reading the type, the card types descriptions. Now, I'm assuming that it says game boost 2 Dash to extra dice. I'm assuming that that's defining what Boost 2 is?

Yep, um. So, I mean, frankly, I don't know. When is the best place to to find keywords? Um, yeah. I'm figuring that out myself, cuz a lot of this. Someone. My Hope Is that, honestly, someone plays a card because it sounds cool. And then the GM goes okay. Here's how you resolve that, and players don't need to feel like they have to know, well, I feel like that's how so many systems work.

Like, I don't. I just read a lot online of people like, are always complaining that their players don't know. Don't know how to play the system that they have to re-teach it to them. Every single time they play, so it's not necessarily the most foreign thing. Um. I apologize.

Where does it say simultaneous? Uh, it's in the United States, uh, action. Okay, gotcha. Didn't see in any order. Okay, okay, actually. What I've got. I was kind of ignoring the example, uh, scene, and now, I'm like, wait a minute. Let's not ignore that. That's a good thing to tell me that it reveals what your your eyes are drawn to.

Yeah, but this is, it is interesting because you know, in one place, you say that things are resolved simultaneously. But then, you say, the Barbarian has played Battle Cry. Now, the guards are rattled and then the Rogue and the Warlock act and get a boost die, so that is not simultaneous action.

That's like one action results simultaneously in any order, so it's kind of like it's still chronological in terms of when the players are choosing to do what kind of similar to I think how we have been doing combat in, uh, dagger heart. Yeah, but I think there's a distinction between saying that the spotlight is passing flexibly between say, like, the GM and the players.

Where does the GM begin and where does it? Yeah, the players begin. That would be not only something that I think was kind of hard to communicate here, but it's actually gonna be very new to this particular play test, so I've never seen it in action before. I'm just, you know, all cards on the table, but uh.

What just like everything else with the actual encounters? Uh, it will be. It honestly is pretty clear once you see it in motion. This game is pretty lightweight on rules. Yeah, that's intentionally, so no, I mean, you don't want to Boggle a game system down with all all kinds of rules, and that kind of thing.

We really don't want a third third edition grapple where it literally was, uh, how do I say and the entire five pages of over a thousand words on how it could raffle or something along the line said. I think I'm exaggerating, but that is, I don't think I everything with everything on third edition, uh D, uh, grapple.

I remember that, and I went that. That's complex. That's very complex. I'll say what I'm seeing from, like from this example. Scene at the table is the idea that now, us players hold the spotlight, and we are kind of acting in whatever order makes sense. It will resolve our actions, and then it will pass over to the GM.

Respond to the outcomes of our actions. So, would there be any kind of tension where the GM could just be? Like, yeah, I'm gonna go ahead and have this one particular enemy. Do something before the group. It has a chance to do something, um. Not, not that I could possibly imagine, like a current design of the system, for reasons I think will be obvious.

Once you do your first encounter, yeah? So? I now have Michael's deck. I'll just put that up here because I know that's how dagger heart will work is. I'll have that fear token. They'll say I'm gonna spin a fear. Yeah, and that's that's because. Uh, initiative in that system is alternating.

You've taken action. I take in action, right? If I want to take more than one action, I just spend a resource to do so right now. I do have a GM resource because I do love Healthcare Works in tiger hearts, so it's called toll is identified in the I read it about that.

Um, you'll see that in action, but in terms of combat. Nah, it is all players, then all enemies and the whole idea of threat, which will be explained as you see it, is that? Generally speaking. When you go into visibility, design language, I don't care. I'm going to say it anyways.

So, what you do, um? Waves, all players, all enemies. It makes fights insanely swingy, because in traditional systems, if you kill an enemy, they don't get to attack you right, so generally speaking, that makes it incredibly hard to balance against. I flipped it on its head by telegraphing incoming damage to you, which is called threat at the start of your turn, which is Unstoppable.

Even if you kill the enemies, it is treated as though you both strike each other at the same time, so it is still your prerogative to decide whether or not you're going to defend or attack, and in either case, you're taking the damage that was signaled to you at the start of the turn.

And because I do that, I'm allowed to. Now, just go. All players can do whatever you want and that that allows for more collaboration that allows for a little bit more interesting tactics. Yeah, but I'm not going to preach it unless it works, so we'll see you in a notion.

Utah, yeah, no, let's see the emotion. I mean, yeah, I'm all for experiments, and I have. No, I have no GM screen, because for one thing, I'm gonna everything's gonna be off the Dome. We're just gonna make it. As we go along. Oh no, as is most of these, but also because the core cards out of your deck, yeah.

So, oh, what? Oh, I guess, nobody had anything about tech buildings. Yep. So let's the only thing about deck building is it, said the core cards are not in your deck and available at any time. Um, that is accurate. Oh, oh, I found a couple. Okay, so I'm gonna give you some instructions here.

This, this is, this is what the GM would teach you to do. I could pretend that there's a script that I'd written for the GM, but the reality is the GM's gonna do whatever I want anyway. So okay. For today's one shot. Which, uh, you know, going titles, the princess, and the plebeians, we are going to be rapidly generating or creating our characters.

And in this system, your deck of cards is your character, their strength, their weaknesses, their class abilities, even your items and equipment, as you'll see. So, to get us started for this adventure, you're going to be level one characters. Okay, uh, levels are broken into tears. So levels one through three is tier one levels four through six or tier two.

That's why all the cards you're going to see are going to say tier one cards because you are leveled one characters. Now, as we're getting started, the easiest way to get started is to look at that Loadout card in front. Oh, I can actually use Michaels. As an example, um, is to find the Loadout card for your selected class that tells you all of the additional cards.

Blow it out cards. A loader card looks like this. On the left side, it shows you all the things you need. They're going to be slightly different, formatted you found it. Okay, extra Barbarian cards. Uh, what about reference Loadout? You might have to. Yeah, the oh.

One of these is. Okay, which one's more updated. That's the new one. This is trash. We're gonna do this a lot. By the way, this is gonna happen a lot today because I pushed a lot of parts here that other one. It's trash totally inappropriately inadequate. Okay, so um.

Now already. I'm going to be doing a little bit of verbal Errata to help, uh, refine some of the cards as is, for example, as we can see one of the row cards has gotten a one of the core cards gotten to change, so step one in your class.

There are two core cards, they say. Core in the top left corner, um. So, to find a place them in front of you and start reading them. They are the central pillars to what makes your class interesting. I will tell you what your sticky fingers is in a bit.

Okay, um, then you're. We're going to start building our characters and the way to do that is to start with their story. The other shuffle your ability card is so much when it doesn't mean it doesn't do anything. I have two minutes. It's like, sorry, that is, then let me give you something to do with your hands.

We are going to start by allowing you the chance to build your characters and the order for that is going to be. Should I take out any doubles? Uh, in fact, I just looked at this, probably, uh. There's two Shadows. This one is stretch what these are the same.

This is the same 12. No, this is, that's correct. Okay, uh? I had. 10 or I had 12 in the decks. We'll, we'll get to that so. Just going in order from top to bot. Oh, it does put your class cards first. It does that should kind of be last.

Now that I mention it, so that makes sense. That is in the notes now because they are the most mechanically heavy. And you can start thinking around the some debt building considerations that are in this game. So, first, we need to think about your characters and so. For this one shot, I would read the blurb as to what the story is, and it would go something like this.

In the land of Mendelvia, you three are members of a traveling circus that is in the city of minisperedith. This city of dwellers and nerdwells is was once considered the extended property of the king King Charles Spaniard III, and instead of it retaining under the king's leadership. It has fallen into Barbarian infiltrations from Orcs And goblins and bug bears.

Meanwhile, one of the towers nearby that used to be a Wizards Tower has been taken over by said bug bears, and now has a single girl, a child of the King Charles Spaniard III, and her daughter. His daughter's name is Princess Peanut Butter Cup. She roughly 10 to 12 years old lives alone and the last four cavalcades of Cavalry that have been sent by the king to rescue her, have all disappeared Without a Trace.

You are simply part of a traveling circus that has been entering into the city of Venus Purdith, and while you were there, the king catches your eye and offers you a hefty sum of gold to go and find her and return with her alive. He only tells you as much as I have that the previous groups of knights have disappeared.

Something about the tower seems to work in mysterious ways, and that's why our one shot is going to be. So, now that you have this of? Context. We're gonna practice right now, building a character. For this setting so you could. As a group, you could say, oh, in the circus, I could be this kind of role or whatever, but ultimately in order.

We are going to pick your background cards that is just like the Indie. It's sort of like the thing that you used to do before you joined the circus or the thing you did growing up, um, then your ancestry, think races, uh, then your bond. This is a unique Dynamic.

You play in the party, sort of like your emotional tether, uh, a slaw which will be yours, and you get to choose based on the weakness you want to have. And then, we're going to it, says traits. Those have been renamed to instincts, cars, the blue ones in front of you.

You're actually gonna get five of those and I'll describe to you how we draft those in time, after which you get to pick an item card from the brand new item, deck of cards. So, uh, if I'm seeing it correctly, they're in the correct order in front of me.

Thank you. Here. And then, I don't see backgrounds. So, I will. I call dibs on halfway. Um, so? Why would they not be there? Background background background? Not there, which means.

I'm about to bring out an old friend wonderful. I don't. This doesn't say what kind of cards these are, they're just those are items, I believe, oh, their items, right? It doesn't say it on the thing other than just the fact that they're all items all right. Give me a second, that's true.

It does that. And note. For Nathan, the item cards are not labeled as item cards. Oh, no. Yeah, well, you look at them, and you're like sending stone vial of acid. This seems like an item grappling hook. All right, so 10 Rogue abilities. I still want to be short.

I might take dwarf unless you would rather be a dwarf. No, I, I don't care what I'm the only the only thing that I came into this session with being, like, I'm gonna be a barbarian, and we're in a circus is that I am imagining like a king boomi type.

Like, really old dude, who's a cartoon like they were the circus forever, and it's all oh, you know, test your strength against the old man. You think you're really weak, and then he, like Shucks the robe, and he's just like roided out and super fun. Yeah, yeah. Okay, so.

I feel like I'm the ring Master. I mean, I could see it. Maybe you could like summon all sorts of, maybe have some sort of like, so demon performance, instead of like back lions jumping through flaming Hoops. It's, like, I don't know, little, like, like, yeah, but also like the magician of the circus, yeah, um.

Our computer manager. Um, actually, I kind of feel like I just wrote anything. Anyway, at that point, that's a front. Okay, so, yeah. Okay, hold on. Okay, so confirmed y'all did not bite him there. Yep, okay, so I'm gonna cut out the new set here, um, worth noting, that's the ancestry ancestry.

What is this? Um, those are your bonds, okay? Bonds, James Bonds? These are.

Do you remember how old the old, uh, background cards worked? Were they written? What was your, what was your background card that you had last night you were. I wasn't inspector okay, and how did you use that card? Do you remember how it felt to use?

Apocalypse like, questions. You can choose something and ask questions or something like that was that? Was that how the inspector part worked? Because I don't remember because I like, I think it was weird because I was Rogue Rogue had a couple parties that were like that? Yeah, that were, like, you know, you can kind of look at a scene and ask these types of questions, so I'm pretty sure I know how this is supposed to work, and these cards don't carry the new update, which annoys me.

We might actually ditch them for today. So, just so you know the way these works were, they were hard that went into your deck, and these came with unique abilities that when it was in your hand, you got to exercise. And so, if you were the aesthetic or the field medic.

It would be something that would be useful to you. It was, honestly, it's just a classless version of your class ability cards. It's just an additional thing that is unique to you. We're going to not use them today, but if you want to look at the list, this might help you choose something that's the whole.

That's the main point. It can be a background that your character has.

Cool, um? So, one thing that we we in our first play tests messed with that. I want to put in front of you today, but I loudly welcome you to. Describe what you were expecting, or if you wanted something different, is the idea that you're going to essentially deck build by drawing a subset of the cards and then choosing from that list.

This makes it to where you're actually dealing a little bit more with the hand you're dealt, and there's essentially two different ways to do this. There's this quick version, and then there's the more dedicated car like character creation, and so let's go back where, where we, when I walked out of the room, did everyone get their core class cards, yes, and then what, what, because I did not stop, y'all.

What were y'all doing while I was gone? What is in your decks to have walked in with opinions on what ancestry they wanted to play cool? Okay, we'll just grab the ancestry that they wanted to play. That is allowed. I I'm not gonna stop you from that. Yeah. I was actually going just now.

Okay, you have your bond name just cards that I wanted or make sense for my character. So, actually, yeah, actually. Here, this is my official rhetoric, and the rhetoric does matter, because if you, if it makes you feel a certain way, I'd love to know, um. Uh, by default, you may, if you have an idea of what your character is going to be, you may look through all the decks to find what you want.

However, if you don't know, or if you need a little bit of guidance, then my recommendation is for each of these items. Background ancestry, Bond, and flaw, you should draw three or I'm sorry. Draw five and pick one from that list of five and then place the rest back in the deck, so everyone else can share and exactly what I wanted.

Heck, yeah, all right. I want to actually hear once we are finished. I want to hear your thought process and how, when it's your character, is designed. This is an old friend of mine. Okay, actually, okay, good. Good moment. The moment I saw a few of the cards, hey, hey, you got, you got an item now, I do.

Yeah, actually, I should go ahead and tell you what Sticky Fingers is. Okay, so Sticky Fingers is your, uh, new, uh Errata, uh, Rogue core card, which says this upon character creation draft two additional item cards, and you may start any session with one of them in your active area, I.E always in your hand.

In addition, once per seen, you may discard an item card to draw two cards. So, it is basically your cycling items, uh, as a little, uh, skill monkey jack of all trades. So, so you make, you may take two additional items and then, at the start of any session you may start with one of them in your active area.

Is that on top of the one? Yeah, it's not on that thing because it's very recent that I made the change. Yeah, no worries. Yeah, your your Loadout card would say. You know, draft two additional item cards. We each get five instant cards, right? Yes, yeah, my recommendation for that would be draw three.

Pick one five times if you don't already have an idea of what you want your character to be. I, I did have an idea there we go. I'm not realizing I might need to print more of them if Michael's gonna play as well. All, right. Well, I've got my three, heck, yeah, three, uh.

So, so the road starts with two additional items I get extra items because of sticky fingers nice. So, then, okay, walk me through this real fast, so I've already got the two core cards in play. I need 10 Rogue ability cards? Yes, how does that work? Where are my ability so candidly, I don't have a hard rule for this because I haven't designed enough cards to make this fully fleshed out, but you have a stack of ability cards.

Look through them, pick 10 of them, and that's it. So if if you're, if you're like overwhelmed with the information, you could just decide the ones you don't want to keep and just put them in the box and then keep the rest of the tenant in your hand. Oh, although.

Your other core card Ace actually asks you to draw through to draft three additional ability cards, so you actually get 13. I got 13. Oh my, gosh, yeah, one, two, three, four, five, six, broke up, so many handy tools, yeah, and it's this whole stack. Great, that is your deck, my deck.

Um, that's what I. That's what I thought would happen. There's something here in the shop. I guess it made it 14, but I'll just go ahead and put it. And sure I threw away your other in the show. Oh no, that's the shadow stuff from warlock. Um, uh, okay, so you're saying you're not taking this ability card that is fine.

I'm just gonna put it in here. Yeah, yeah, I will say I grabbed the Instinct Primal because I do not know what it means to performative action, but I'm probably enter. And so I'm, like, you're like, let's find out, let's find out. Yeah, well, I'm like, will this card make sense to me in the moment or not, so?

What I want to instruct GM's to do, but in a meta conversation, tell me if you think this is the thing that you think I should be telling GMS to tell their players to do? Yes, I know, yes, I know, um, so the guidance that I would give GM's here is wait until after the players have selected their cards and then ask them to describe their characters using the cards in front of them.

Um, and while they are doing that, I would ask the GM would instruct you as players to look at the cars themselves and start filling in some of the blanks that are on them. In case you did not notice because these cards are not in their final design state.

Um, there are little italicized stems little sentences that you can fill in the blanks for in order to describe some aspects of your character. I've got some pens and pencils right here. What you can do is yes, you'll have to pull the card out of the sleeve, but right, actually write down certain details that you have ideas for.

You don't have to fill out all of your cards, but if you have an idea, write it down because when you draw that card into your hand, it will remind you of the character that you are and why they are behaving in this way. So, at the bottom of most cards from the bond and flaw to your Patron, if you're the Warlock, um, you have blanks to fill in that are your choice.

And then after? After everyone describes their characters, um, I would have the GM, then explain what each of these cards types do. That's that is the sequence that I'm looking at here. Okay, question, yeah, trait. What are traits? That isn't misnamed, uh, their instincts, oh, Instinct, cards. So, they're in here, essentially.

Yeah, okay, cool. And then my three items right here. You've done it, and then background. Is that a car I said we're mixing those today? Dare the there they were chains in a way that does not make them usable today. It is honestly it would have been the same as an additional, um.

Instinct card, except that it would come with its own ability just another. Another thing you can do. Cool. Yes, that's fine. Blow it out right here, right? I've just started recently. The react condition in the ACT. What is this that is? The um, ability deck are we? Do we have?

Oh, I see, oh yeah, right, right? Basically, I've separated them out. So, do I put them all together if you have these background titles helps you have an idea for your character is. Yeah, you could just use a role. You could just choose a title in the circus. All right, I, I'm the, I'm the ringmaster.

Oh, great. Yeah, there you go ring Master. Uh, uh, these are just they would come with their own abilities. They're not finished, so we're gonna I'll be the um. A hype man, essentially the hype man, the guy that gets everybody to go, go sit, and get their butts on the seats.

Yeah, what are the they're called a barker? I think they're a barker. Yeah, yeah. I reached a gravy old party. Like a car, like a game like the, what? What is that actually is that the of the party is? I'd say it's like one of the people running one of those games that are always like a little bit rigged.

Okay, so like carnival games I see, yeah. Yeah, so it is because you're all parties. You're all part of the traveling circuits, but you're so I have my one item my ancestry. Uh, I have my bonds. Do I have? I'm, like, I'm not sure this is going to work.

So, I will think about. Awesome, as folks are still picking their ability cards. Um, I will encourage you to look at primarily those first four items background. Well, we know that ancestry, Bond flaw, and some core cards. There are blanks on them. If you have story-based answers to those questions that are posed to fill in the blanks.

Oh, you can actually physically write on the cards. I'm asking you to do so because it'll remind you of why your character is that way, or you know why you feel the way you do. So, for example, I'll use. You know this, if I was, if I had blood bloodlust?

Or if I was hot-headed, for instance, this blank at the bottom would be an opportunity for me to write in. What exactly makes me so hot, tempered, um? You know, area, or if I had? I might answer the question, you know, I learned what I was made of when blank or my lineage opened to my perception to blank.

Oh, we gotta write on all these cars. No, in fact, the language I want GM's to say is, if you have an idea, whether now as we're sharing our characters or even during gameplay, you can fill them in, uh. But If you have any right now, go ahead and do so.

And once someone looks as though they are finished writing things down for now, I will ask them to introduce their character using the cards in front of them. And I will write down your names for this adventure.

Oh, I see, okay.

Okay, cool.

Okay, cool.

All right. Like the thing I need?

Hey Ben, can you put that in Michael's seat?

Well, actually, I can take these cards back now. This. On top of that boom, boom. Only four cards that you really need to write on. Yeah, um. Maybe they can fall under an umbrella like their character cards or something or something, like? Okay, find parts that I need around is like Ford cars as well.

Yep, take your time.

And note before I forget is, I do want to rewrite the bond cards to explicitly. Have you call out another player in the party and then fill in the blank with that answer to establish relationships between the characters. I.e the dagger, heart connections, questions.

Figure that out later. All right. Here we go.

And.

I'm excited snafu is when they stop thinking there we go. Mostly because, oh, I can't wait to see it in action. I've not crapped, I don't. I'm sure they're at the bottom of that deck. Couldn't pay attention. Oh, I'm sorry of the other deck way down there. Very end.

I look at healer's tincture, it says. We're too nice of any condition or a creature, and I have no idea what a condition is.

Yes, sir conditions.

That is a react, right? It is an act. Should be a react, because that would be too weak otherwise.

Good old? Yep, why not? Why not just steal all the greats and put them in and see how they feel in this system? It's a bit of an isolated variable if nothing else.

I don't have very complicated thoughts about my character, so I'm good sweet. Yeah. Well, how about this? Let's go ahead and get started with introducing the heroes and this adventure and the random fourth dude that we'll join you halfway along the way. Oh, where do we put our names your character?

Uh, uh, technically, they should go in a little name card that you're gonna, uh, that you're gonna fold and put in front of yourself. Okay, uh, that is. That is, her new. That is our solution. I've decided. Yeah, Ben and I talked about a way of Designing it to where you actually take your.

Uh, like a character card, and then you attach your class in ancestry on the left and right, and then you build a tiny little placard out of it, and then that actually is your active area, right? It's these cards that stay in front of you the whole time. Um.

Obviously that is lower priority right now, because who even knows of ancestries will work this way. Okay. Which cards stay in frontal at all the time they're called the core car, just the core cards? Yeah, which it says core. And by the way, you don't need your Loadout card anymore.

Because it was just instructions for how to set up your character. Oh, I don't even know where it is anymore. Great. It's not in my deck. Okay, well, then you, you correctly put it somewhere else. I think it's with the other core cards that I didn't select there. You go.

Wait, you should have all of your core cards there were like six of them, and it said to pick two. I have 15, and I picked 10. So core meaning. It explicitly says the word core in the top left, um, your two core cards as the world core is a core class cards.

Oh. I call those ability cards, uh, in on the loadout these. These are all the core cards that I did. Oh, oh, I'm sorry, yes, because you're the Warlock, right? Yes, you're you pick, you're right, you're right, you're right, you pick one of the patrons. Oh, okay, yeah, oops, cuz they should have said that.

Obviously, yes, you should, so I've packed, and then the other, yeah, you've packed, and then Patron, and then the patreon card says pick one of the patrons and fill in the information. Um, and I'm excited to learn who your warlock Patron is I, I. Having seen it in play exactly.

Once it was exactly as satisfying as I hoped, it would be so. Do you want to see what it is already. We're going to talk about him. Okay, now we're gonna talk about him now, so as you're writing down your little name tag. So, by the way, take that.

Fold it in half, probably hamburger, or I don't care, fold it, and write your name on one or both sides. Make it easy for me to see. What I'd like for you to do is to introduce me to introduce yourself to us using your character cards, uh. But what makes them tick.

Who are they? And for this game, what are their instincts? Uh, you don't need to list all their instincts. I'll start here as your name tag for Ben. Why don't you introduce to us your character? Yeah, my character is a barbarian half, elf half elf um, and his name is cork rare combo.

Yeah, uh, tell us more about cork. Um. Yeah, I mean, I guess, if I go by the cards, cork is the spark when things stall is the reason. Things start moving again. All right, so I think for someone who is always ready to, uh, to take action again. I think of him as someone who runs the game tables, he's very, very old.

Hmm, I would say, as a half elf. I don't know if a half half lives to 300, he's like, 275 yeah. We measure age at like percentiles, yeah, because because we can't be bothered to know the actual timelines. Yes, the way that I described it to these guys when we were out of the room is that he is kind of a king booby type where he's all hunched over and like in a robe.

And then, heck, yeah, when things get real when, uh, when people come up to his tests of strength to test their strength against him, then he, uh, shucks off the robe, and Shug absolutely roid it out muscles. Does he like hustle people by saying, like, hey, if I can beat you Double Down on the bunny, and if I beat you, I get it all.

Yeah, the absolutely hustles people by, like, active, super weak. Oh man, there are people who pay the entire Tick Tock careers, doing that at the gym, like, like the guy who dressed in janitors, attire, and they just like ends up tripling someone's barbell way. It's great. Um, and what is your flaw?

My father, I mean, he's? He's been in the car. Like, I don't know how long y'all been to the carnival, but he has been in the carnival longer than anybody else knows. He has been a hustling folks from day one. Till the day he dies. Slash gets, you know, run out of town on pitchforks.

Awesome! Well, cork is our half elf Barbarian Kearney game dude. Loving, loving the king boom! You reference so! I will now. Let's meet Evan's character, all right? Well, this is a half-lane road by the name of Odin Hasselhoff Odin Hasselhoff. Let's go. Okay, Odin, Hasselhoff. Yes, go ahead. Tell us more about him.

So on this, uh? Happily, Rogue. One of the luckiest things that is ever happened to him is. A castle collapsed all around him, and he managed to walk away from it unscathed. The interesting? He's a lot of kind of interesting life, but doesn't really talk about what was his good.

Was it bad luck? What caused the accidents, or was it his good luck? What was it good that the castle was destroyed well, um? The cat. The bad luck part was the castle was under siege by an entire Army of, uh, some Empire. The good luck was, is, he didn't die, he managed to escape and tie fair enough, and then, uh.

So his bond. And while I'll start with the, uh, the bombings, yeah, he's got a sharp eye, um. He gained this whenever he was active, quirky one time in front of the an outfit he got into this else. Business a bit too much. Didn't know who this person was and okay, he knows he's got lifted up onto the bar counter and the knife was right next to his Sprout, and so I'm saying, who claims this halfling?

And that's when he started to be a little bit more, uh, paying attention to, um. Not only minding his own business, but also making sure to check to if there's any kind of threat around totally you. Did I caught this right. You mentioned a half Health that lifted you onto a cat.

This is this, oh no. No full blown out. Oh, okay, okay. Different character different character that we want to. We can make it the words, why? Not y'all, have y'all met at some point working at the same Carnival. There we go, um, awesome. And then, uh, who do we got over here?

Dan, oh no, I'm sorry, did I The Reckless, uh, yeah? The I have the Reckless flaw, oh, so essentially, I'll throw myself in. I'll hold myself back whenever, um. Whenever there's a snafu situation also, uh, we'll talk about how these cards work in just a bit. But, um, Dan, tell us about your character, right?

Uh, my character is trillion West Wing. Oh no, um, he is the um. Uh, ring, master of this circus. He is, very, uh. Charismatic very much likes to be the man in charge. Likes to be the, uh, person running the show, and he loves it when a lot of people are looking at him.

As, of course, I took the vein. Absolutely! Totally ring Master kind of stuff right there, exactly? Um, but he cares very deeply about those that he works with in the circus, um, though, while is, um, he's never really explained as to why it seems that he's always, um? He has always worked very hard to have the members of the circus interests at heart.

I mean, yes, he is more focused on how he appears, but also when his, uh, circus is in danger. He is always there to step in. Awesome! Did I catch your ancestry? Oh yeah, he's a human human, okay. And then, I want to know more about your warlock. Yes, your patron, sorry.

My Patron is, of course, uh, the fave patron. Ah, um, what other Patron would really do stuff of the circus and his Patron is over on? Oh, heck, yeah, okay. Yes, Oberon from Midsummer Night's Dream, uh, King of the green quartz. Uh, so to speak, but the Oberon, um.

Just. I'm now going to reveal to the other actually. Why should I do it? Tell us how the patron card works, uh, based on your knowledge. Okay, um? So, this is a core card for the warlock. Yeah, um. It says I have. It is the marks of Whimsy charm, one Whimsy, two charm, three trick, four glamor, five thorns, six is choose.

Um, I don't know exactly what that means, um, call them forth and select one of the marks above to warp the scene in my favor, then Shuffle this card into your draw pile. I'm assuming that those are results, uh, like I roll a Dyson, whichever give it up, uh.

And then he, um? Bane to clear this, and I'd say your patient Patron has arrived roll 86 to determine which Mark you must pay. Uh, the GM decides the cost before the scene ends. So basically, it's almost like I get to just summon my Patron if this card's in my hand, um, and then the packed card is.

I can spend hit dice. Um, and add their face value directly to the check or roll, uh, roll them as part of it. Um, and it's frigadized. If I spent this way or removed from your pool, every guy he makes a gamble, yeah. So, just focusing on the patron for just a moment.

Um, this is good for me to see if the language of what is one of the more complex cards in the game was clear to you, so there are two hats with that card. Yeah, all. All six of your court cards stay in your active area for the entire game.

This for you, uh, the robe is sticky, fingers well, but specifically, the patron card is the exception. It stays in your active area until you use it. Then, it gets shuffled into your dropout and is a normal card, but it is becomes a bane when it enters your hand.

Let's talk about your flaw cards, so take a look. They have a lock icon on them, and here's what they mean by default. When this card is in your hand, you cannot get rid of it until you fulfill its requirement. Your flaw cards are pretty simple. You have to describe to me how your flaw gets the better of you in the scene, and it must be to your disadvantage.

Otherwise, that card stays stuck. And your hand. Remember, with each scene that passes you draw up to five cards. Yeah, so you're denying yourself a resource until you resolve you don't have if you decide. Hey, you know what? Uh, intuitive. Intuitive, or Athletics or things that you might think have specific rules associated in this game.

Those words are just there to guide the story that we are telling. If you see that we are in, let's say, a negotiation, and you have a card that calls for an Athletics. Check your job would be to either decide you don't want to use it or describe to me.

How your Athletics actually does help in the negotiation with this particular councilwoman. That is your game that is your job with the cards that are in your hand. Let's look at some of the others that are in front of you, and I'm going to start with your. I don't have my reference in front of me, uh, let's start with your.

Your ancestry cards explain themselves. They tell you the abilities that they have, um, let's look at the Instinct cards. So instincts, you have five of them, right? These bluish cards that have a tray. So, go ahead and hold one in front of you. Here's how they work. Uh, the Instinct cards.

If you use it and describe to me the action that you are taking, that happens to be that type. Well, we should. We should get you five instant cards. It's a fourth of your deck, uh, there. Or for the Rogue a little bit less. Um. And I'm going out for you.

Uh, bonds. There we go. Yeah, they're bluish. Yeah. How much do I get fine fine? I will say, um, in the character creation with the prompts. At least I was looking at them, and I was like none of these applied to the character concept I've had in my head.

Yeah, because you came in with it, did not really? I kind of just came up with. Like, you said, we were parties, and I was like, I want to play a Barbarian because I never play that type of character. So, yep, King booby type Carnival, yeah, straw man. So, basically, that is what I came in with So based on the language I said earlier.

I would have said, if you know, you may, uh, search until you find those cards if you if you don't know. No, I'm saying the prompts to like, fill in mm backstory stuff. Oh, okay, just like, like the half outfit was like, how did your like, how did be between?

Got it. Got it formed. I was like. I don't know. He's in a circus. I mean, he's in the circus. Maybe it's what caused him to be a circus? Yeah, I'm gonna keep test in the waters as to whether or not these stems these, like, fill in the blanks are, uh, net good or net.

Take it or leave it because it. While I'm not gonna force players to fill them in, it does cost card space, so some of the things well, and it's time at the table. And this time, if you're saving cards like? Um, yep. Um, yeah, it's good. I mean, it's a good.

Nope, so? Yeah, now let's talk about the Instinct cards. The instinct cards say that when you declare any action, you choose what that action is. As long as the GM agrees that it is that particular Instinct, which is how your character feels it during that scene. Then, you get boost two.

What is that? Let's start by actually doing a check actually. Let's just play.

Um, the only thing you really need to know before we get started. Is that you're going to draw your hand to five cards and then? One more thing for setup for specifically the Rogue. Your court card says this under Ace, but you need to take your your deck of ability cards.

Those are the purple ones for the Rope. You need to pull three of them aside and place them face down in front of you. Okay, that's why you started with three additional ability cards, whereas everyone else got 10. Okay, gotcha. Um, oh, and it's worth noting. Not that important, but you.

You're not supposed to know what they are, so you take your ability cards. Cool. Got it, you Shuffle them. You draw three, put a face down, and then you Shuffle everything else into one deck. Okay, cool guys, just like, give me one second, I'm gonna go ahead and just pull up all of the nobody else is any unique setup rules.

So, hold on, I need to do it like this, then. And you said it's three ability cards, making sure I'm understanding that question. Yep, like magic cards to put behind them to give them like more. More heft? Yeah, okay. While that is happening, I'm going to give you your health for this adventure.

So, the way that Health Works in this game is not, like most other systems you've played, it's not a static number 14 HP or health. It is dice, like classic. They are actual. Hit dice that sit in front of you, so each of you are going to take four V6.

You may use your own for this, and you're going to roll all four of them. And you're going to place them in front of you, like a little Shield, protecting you from Death. Um, if you roll low, too, freaking bad. Uh, that, right? So what it represents is that you are not feeling physically well, you like, you have the potential.

Yeah, no, literally. You can just you tell me what it means. The first time I played the system, I wrote two tubes. Yeah, the characters were a little bit squishier. Oh, and, um. So sorry, the Barbarian. You get two additional d6s of of Health of hit dice, sorry, hit dice.

Um, and uh, so sorry, our um, our Rogue friend gets minus one. So, if you actually need to drop one of those ties, yeah, great. Okay, so I've got 12. There we go. Oh, I lied. You're supposed to have two more than him. You're supposed to have five total, not six total.

Okay, drop one by two. Sure, I don't care. Okay, cool. I was swarmed by twos. Well, I've got nine. Yeah, so interview three, four, and five d6s. I set them aside, put him face down in front of you, where you can find him easily. Okay, that's that. That feels a lot better.

I'm gonna take a beat to briefly explain your ability because it can come up at any point during the session, but this is Ace. This is your portability. Ace, oh, okay, God. So just, I'm gonna tell it to you briefly. You can ask me later if you don't remember Ace, is this?

At any point, an on reaction meaning in the middle of me, doing anything your character can declare as the Rogue that they've had an ace up their sleeve this whole time. Planning for this particular moment, and once you declare that you're locked in, okay. Once procession, you then pick up the three cards in front of you.

Choose one of them and play it. As as a reaction, right? It's a free action of and somehow justify how it solves the problem in front of you, it you, it is you. Having your Ocean's 11 moment, saying I was always I think the card might even directly tell you to do this, but you're supposed to say the words.

Ah, I've been planning for this very moment, and then you, then you have to look at the cards that you as the player don't know what they are so that that is Ace little Ace of the sleeve, oh really fun. Yeah, I hope it will be. It was very fun.

I, I hope it'll be fun, and I'll I will spoil, uh, the the rage ability for our Barbarian. There's a little bit of dice manipulation that I'll let Ben explain, but the frenzy mechanic. When the Barbarian either fails, checks or takes damage to their health, it goes in a pool.

But when those dice accumulate. The Barbarian gets angrier and angrier until with enough dice they frenzy. They use those dice to boost their next action, making it quite powerful. And that action is the top card of birth. Draw pile. They have no idea what it is, and that can mean if anything, including a flaw by the way.

And that is something I'm also excited to see, so you know, very interesting. My frenzy does not say that I have to use my rage dice. It should be. You use half of them, go down to three, cool drops to three. To me, that doesn't imply that. I'm good at using you the dice you use.

Our boost dice towards that action so? Uh. Fair Point. Uh, now. Now that we've officially gotten set up, I'm going to remind folks that the goal of today is to have fun if something. If something feels imbalanced, you can tell me, but really, the things that will stop you from having fun, are, if something is unclear, or if you feel like you don't know the best ways to do the fun stuff that's in front of you that you should raise your hand and let me know.

Otherwise, let's just play the game, and afterwards you can tell me things that you learned or didn't learn. Trust me, I'm taking notes along the way. So, first, we need to name this traveling circus. You're visiting the city of Minnesota under the leadership of trillion West Wind your ring Master.

So, what is the name of this fair Festival? Or not, so fair. Um. I'm thinking of like lip-based names you know. Is it way based, like, yeah, day after you, but it's not just West Wind's circus? No, no. Coming from the West Inaveras Festival, what Stradivarius Festival sure, ooh?

With strata, not the guitar, you're talking Stratosphere, yeah, Stratosphere. Was there a pun there? I want to make sure cumulo nimbus Cirrus clouds I didn't. I was gonna say like the Hurricanes or, or like, maybe there's like the clowns are known as the Hurricanes or something like, it's like a mascot involved here.

How does one name of circus it's? It's, uh, as In terms of? Um, like historical in real life, it's just you know the Barnum and Bailey Circus. That's just the names of the people who were running it. Yeah, um, yeah, but do you want to be normal? No, exactly.

Trillion, the vein would not want something like this. Oh, but actually, but actually, when you would name it, yeah? I think he inherited it. I couldn't change the name, and so, like, maybe. So, it's? How about this day of Strativarius, and he just hates the name? Okay, yeah. I'm glad we went full circle!

Oh, are you? Are you out of areas? You're like, no, no, no, I, I was Italian West Wind, so you are here? We go Shadow. Very, I don't know how to spell, but I'm gonna go with that Stradivarius traveling circus. Of proprietor trillion West Wing wind, and that's a common misconception.

And it drives him insane, uh, The West Wing canonically relevant in this universe. All, right? Well, so, as the side cards, yes, let's start the first scene as you enter as our view audience enters the traveling circus. We see the striked colors of a tent that has been hastily constructed in the center square.

First, I want someone to tell me who would be most responsible for rigging up the tent in the first place? I do think that. Cord, two fingers pointed immediately at cork. That's all we do, cork. I want you to make our first ability check of the session and let's teach everyone how it works at tier one, which is all of you, your level one.

Characters a check is as simple as taking 2d6 and rolling them. But there's some cool things that'll happen after that. So let's go ahead and roll and see how well you do. I'll tell you right now that the DC to have a a stable tent is nine, but you could do better.

You could do worse. Let's see how you do. Okay, um? So I have? I have Commander. Okay, okay, so I, it says, um, I have to perform an action. Yes. Uh, but like. I guess I could just say that I'm discarding it. You can't to Aid him, as in, I am commanding him to set up.

That is exactly how the aid action works. Are you going to Aid him by commanding him? Here's a question, does it? It feels like, maybe if you are specifically discarding something that feels like specifically relevant to the scene, maybe you should do something different, or is it just a flat mechanical?

I'm discarding something. Yeah, it doesn't really matter what I'm discarding if it's if it is commanding. The card itself says gain boosts too, but technically a gives boost one automatically. Um, yeah, I'm gonna float with this option for now. I'm actually going to make it more screwedness and say the only way to do a basic eight action is if the card can be construed to be relevant.

So, we're gonna what you did is perfect. Yeah, you discarded it. You're gonna add a D6, which is very powerful. Uh, yeah, yeah, just imagine a standard, you know, discard. Um, and so, uh, describe how your command and. Work around. Um, yeah, I, I am probably going to be like micromanaging a little bit.

Sure, I'm gonna be like, oh, you should put that bike right there. And then, oh, don't forget to let the the west side where the wind comes in, uh, oh, it's like, it's like a a a environmental element you've engineered into this. Yeah, yeah, well, and Cork is, like, get off my back.

I've been doing this for way long, like I've been doing this before you were bored. I don't remember before your grandfather and grand hair grandfather and their grandfather. Side's going. So, I think? The bank. Bank. Because more a little bit more of an indigo. Yeah, yeah, it's um, trillion always says that.

It's purple, but it's, it's definitely not. Uh, it's. It's Indigo, okay, and you're saying that because purple's expensive, like, like how historically purple diets work? Yeah, yeah. Are we wondering if this was like some you were dodging copyright or trademark infringement or something, and that was the reason probably that too, um, look, hey, you know what it is, um, I'm supposed to have a D20 for random stuff, but, uh, oh, you need one.

Yeah, if only someone had a bunch of d20s. Oh, hang, um, I'll take two, please. Rolling vanilla white dice just feels so unsatisfied. Wow, all right. No, take it, uh? Of awesome. So yeah, let's just roll luck. Uh, the king, okay, yeah, the the king's colors nearby in the city nearby and the local King.

His name is King Blossom. His colors are very vaguely purple, and let's say, lavender, and so you're definitely stepping on his toes. Here, I, I, I'm imagining that originally went before he took over the circus, the colors of the circus were blue and gold, or like blue and yellow specifically.

And then, when he took over, he was, like, I want the royal blue or the royal purple. Yes, and so he changed it to what he called purple, but it was really the closest I could get legally distinct, either legally distinct, and also absolutely going bankrupt for all of the tents.

Uh, which is Indigo, so it's like Indigo and yellows. Yeah, we just, uh, we marked a bunch of rust off of our old steaks, and then we mixed it in with the dye. You mix it in with the blue dye, nice rust colored output, yeah, totally so! Oh my.

As you were all exhibiting your performances, this is. This scene represents the ending of your show, so I want each person to describe what role you're playing in the circus and how well those scenes go based on skill checks that you'll make. What? What is your character doing in this particular show, and everyone has a role even if you're just supporting from the sidelines?

So, in no particular order. Um, let I want people to think about, uh, how how that's gonna go, go ahead, uh, I'm going to be collecting the money that. Yeah, yeah, that everybody is coming out of the show. I'm I'm just kind of tapping on their kneecaping. Um, let's see here.

Is there a card I'm actually I'm actually going to? I'm gonna I'm gonna pull back for a moment because? What we're going to do now is I want to see how well you can earn favor, not only with the people in the city, but also the king who spoiler alert is in your audience right now.

Unknown to the rest of you, and to do that. We are going to do a group skill check. Here's what it represents. You're going to see how encounters work the via your own performance and to show that I'm first going to establish the difficulty of this encounter. You should have, like, eight, yeah.

It's just gonna get a nice juicy toddler handful. Yep, why don't you get the blender mouth? Yeah, once I get them all in your mouth, all right. So, um? Now when I set the DC, you should think of this. Like, any other skill challenge, the better you do, the better the outcomes are for the story, and if you are unable to succeed, then there will be consequences for you.

So in this case, the consequences are about the favor you have with the audience, something nice and tutorial friendly. But in this case, the difficulty is based on the number of dice I choose to place in front of you for the group skill check, given that all of you three players in total roll two dice minimum to perform an ability check each.

It would be considered flat difficulty for me to choose six, which is what I'm going to do so at flat difficulty meaning equal to your your level. I'm going to roll these dice and assemble them in front of me. That's actually a good number one. Yeah, this is, this is good for you.

And I could narrate by describing I could say the crowds used to be in Pleasant Spirits. The the weather overhead seems nice and fair. There's a a nice lavender smell coming from the West through the opening in the 10th at court, correctly constructed. And as you were all performing here, and I do mean all.

Of you, even if you're directly supporting your goal is to defeat the encounter. Here's how this will work jit, by the way. This is exactly how combat works, um, you will simultaneously. Just, uh, or I guess the word simultaneous was confusing before in any order that you choose. Each of you will get to take exactly one action, and that action can be based on any of the cards in your hand.

Or you can do a basic action. Keep in mind that you can always Aid each other with the rules that we described earlier. Discarding a card from your hand to do so. Um, now I don't know if I've locked down the guidance on this particular thing. I am going to say that, in some cases, it is recommended that GM's Telegraph when a scene will end, um, I will tell you the scene will not end at the end of your show, so I'm curious how that makes you feel as players, but by saying that I'm now welcoming you to think about how you're going to take your action whenever you are ready.

You may jump in, or if you want to discuss amongst yourselves, then you can, uh, work together. But each of you gets one action. You may use a card to support it. Let's see how the show goes who would like to go first? Can, can you use Instinct cards to boost a check of a different act part?

Uh, you may discard any card to Aid okay, any other chat. So, if it's, but since there's the like, it has to apply. Yes, I could use it though. Okay, yeah, you maximum of one card per Aid. Like, you can't. You can't dump five cards into a particular action one.

Um, and it has to be repellent. Okay, um, because I happen to have gold in my hand. Oh, bold is bold is a good card for this scene, or I could, um, perform an Arcana check and potentially do a tier two magnitude magical effect. Um, which would be really impressive.

It would be entertain the audience. It would be so I don't, but the thing is, I have no idea what. Like? I don't know what the tiers are, so you know describing into magnitude. That's my job. In fact, okay, yeah, um, okay, that is probably the only card that uses tears in its language.

To be clear is it's either I get something where I'm basically guaranteed to get to extra dice on the action or. I roll, and then I use bold to help. So I do three dice on them to get it magical. I would say what, where, what are your instincts telling you to do, because that's what your character is feeling right now?

Oh, he's definitely bold. He's I'm going to use this card regardless. Okay, so I think he is going to essentially attempt to upcast because that's what Mr Mr arcanum does. Okay, awesome. He's going to do a he is. Yes, he's the ring Master, but he's also the magician of the, um.

Circus, so I'm going to use bold because he's in front of an audience. He's doing something he doesn't do every single time. He knows that the king is here, so he's going to purposefully go out. I'll say you don't know that the king is here. Oh, okay, I just.

I put that to the players to know, but, well, he's still. He's still in a new city. It's the first time that we have performed in this city, so he's going to go out his way to impress. Let me see how good his disguise is, and we'll see if he it's not that good.

Um, I will say, uh, I'll always say, guy, there's like a crown shape. There's like, there's like 20 black escalades right outside, you know, and you're, like, okay, yeah, there's just a, uh, and generic clothing, but every seat around him like, yeah, it's like every like, and all the seats around them are just guards.

Yeah, yeah, facing like towards him, like a little funnel, uh of attention. Yeah, okay, so I'm like, oh, there's somebody really important here. I'm going to. Go out of my way to be bold and do this. Can I be intuitive with? The so basically scan the perimeter and kind of just nudge.

You are also aiding this action. I'm aiding this action. I'm gonna gain a boost, too, where I just nudge him and I go that guy right over there. Yep, I think that's the king, so I'm gonna I'm gonna make you choose between one of two options. So, um, if you're we're right now, we're still doing one action, which is trillian's action.

What you described is accurate. You can discard the card and give him one die because you are pointing out the king's present. That's perfect. Now, if you wanted to use that card for your action. You can't do both, so you would not get the Boost too. He gets the Boost one, frankly, but that's gonna give him already because you may Aid yourself.

I forgot to mention, yeah. So you did correctly do that. You get four dice for this roll, which is really strong. We'll see how well the show starts off five dice because it's base two aided for two and boosted by one. Oh yes, I'm sorry. Yes, yeah, base two.

I did not get boost to, um, I used this to Aid myself for one. Yeah, so that is so two. It's always two, two fly, and then you discarded one. I ate it myself for one. Oh no, it was four. Yeah, yeah, okay, that's right, plus one, plus, one, yeah, okay, using his own Boost card on his own action does not do his ten by two, the Boost.

No, this is only because it has the action I'm using the a for myself, which only just gives me this one. Yeah, that's exactly correct. And the fact that I was able to help Obama's action, he gave him, yeah, so four total and we'll show. I'll actually show you how to resolve it once you roll your check.

Step one is to roll step two, oh all, right? Well, you got one, all one, but two, six trillion might solo this, uh, uh. So, first of all, you rolled four base dice correct. Yes, because you rolled a one, I gain a resource called toll. Yes, all of, you know, what fear is?

It's that, um, I will use it to and spend it in increments to progressively explode. My sixes, you do. Yeah, yeah. Okay, so I actually, I don't recommend you keep it there. So, those sixes stay there. Yeah, yeah, pick up two more and roll back exactly, and these do not combo that you can't explode these, but ones are still counting.

Oh my gosh, I think I think you almost sold this. That is 18 plus five 25. The number does not matter. Let's take a look at the dice in front of us. Dan, this is your choice. You determine right now, it won't. It won't, it'll feel trivial, but it will matter when you get into combat.

Yeah, um, the way that encounters are resolved, is you take all of your dice, and you point them at targets. And if it is equal to or higher, it eliminates the Dyson. They cancel out like this cool. That's it. This is literally you clearing out the like. Basically, you're blowing away the ground.

I'm gonna have you narrate it in just a second here and equal to a double crit. True, truly. Even on only four dice, double crit is exceptionally good. I mean, that would be like rolling a 30 in DNA. Yeah, so I want you to describe to me with with the intuition that has been pointed in your direction by your friend, Odin.

Tell me what happens okay in the First Act of this show. Yeah, the First Act of this show, I think, what, um, what Trillium Westwind is doing, is, um, he true to his name because he is very, um, vain of of? What he does is he conjures what he in this performance called a wind dragon, um?

That is, that is the yep, that that is the um? What's the? Uh, what's the word? The symbol, the symbol Christ of the of the family of the West Wing. That is, like, you know, it's our our secret is the thing that's passed down for generations, and so he's, like, like conducting this wind dragon, and I'm like imagining like an Eastern, um?

Asian type of dragon that is like flying around, yeah? Um, wrapping around, and he's like controlling it, and it's like flying through hoops, and he's, uh, really pulling it off and. And he's, like, you know, uh, and he's like everyone meets the, uh? Oh. I, I can't say think of words right now.

Uh, that's good enough. That's great, do you? I mean, if you want to park it there, uh. So, this Dragon, this wind dragon, starts tearing through. Now, you chose to use a spellcast card as your ability. So, because you rolled that one, but two CR, hey, what's up? Michael, hey, whoa.

Welcome to our temporary game table. Oh, I just realized, um? The crit of my Mystic Arcanum says that the cost is waived, this time on a one. What is that? What exactly does that mean so, uh, that the one that I rolled is not? No, okay, that has some old language on it when cost used to be energy based, um?

Where there are no other crit effects. Is that right? Nope, it's just that, yeah, I don't remember whatever, uh. So, what would normally happen is because of the sixes that you rolled. You could spend those crit points on what are called flourishes to do more interesting and Powerful things.

If I would just like instantly Errata, like, put one on the card, it would be something like, um, one option is, you could do it without the somatic component that basically, you can cast it without being noticed, and another option would be you could cast it, uh. In a more controlled or powerful way, so this would be the effectively upcasting it.

You spend your crits on making it an even more powerful cast, I would say originally thinking you're like. This is probably just an illusion like, maybe, without realizing that he just conjured freaking wind dragon. I'd say I'd say real real wins, not an illusion. Real Windstar, oh yeah, like, whipping up the tent and it starts flurrying.

You see the shawl of a mysterious man cloaked in a very crown-shaped shawl, uh blustering, as his nine attendants desperately trying to hold down this commoner's clothing. And as they're watching the show, you see, the people are going crazy. They've never seen anything even close to this. Um, you would distinctly hear one older gentleman in the audience, says, ah, it's even better than the the last time they came through a hundred years ago, and he seems quite impressed with this show, but the audience is eating it up.

Oh yeah, now, this could be cleared instantly. There's two other actions remaining who wants to go next. I have a specific thing that I want to do. Please tell me what you're doing. Um, because I think quirky sees or Cork sees how well we're doing, and he gets a little greedy.

Oh, okay, he, uh, he's looking around. And I think he, he's the strong man act, you know, he. Also, he has his Booth to run, he can't have people thinking that he's too strong. Yep, if he's too strong then, like, he's not gonna get all the people come in and giving him money, so you're going to.

Like, yeah, he's sad backing. Yeah, he's. Like, ah, we're doing. Like, Dan, really, it's really, really whipped it out there. Like, oh, I haven't seen them. Closure wins like that in the last 20 years. So, um, what you're gonna do is? Now, whenever a flaw is revealed intentionally, so the player decides how they are using it, how they're displaying it as a negative guy.

It has to be negative, otherwise the GM will not allow you to cleanse the ability from your hand. This is great. You've sand back the show. I have a very clear, um, uh, output for this, the they're going to be so, uh, after trillions act is finished and everyone is going crazy.

Out comes the strong man. Normally, you know this to be true. You've seen him perform cork show is he comes out. He's hunched over. He doesn't look very assuming. And then he just goes to town on what? What won't your routine? Normally, I feel like he is maybe, like, calling down people from the audience.

Yes, yeah, for, like, our muscles are like, can you lift this thing? Yeah, then he progressively beats people, and then he's just lifted it up like an elephant like, yeah, like he adds it out, lifting like one of the circus animals. Heck, okay, so this is normally how it would go.

You start this idea of this plant in your head. I've been making so much money from these guys today. I can't reveal to everyone else. Now that we've got a big crowd in from that whole Dragon thing, I can't risk losing my Edge. I want you. This is not a check.

Yeah, um, I want you to roll 2d6 and that will be added to the skill total for this challenge. As the audience starts booing you when you fail, okay, a four and a three. Um, great choice of card, truly. So, you may now cleanse that card, which means your hand is freed for the next scene.

Um, and it all comes down to our friend, uh, Odin, Hasselhoff. So, this is the skill challenge in front of you, the Beast. You have one action. You can be aided by your allies. Um, now what is your action going to be? So, essentially, what's happened right now is we've got a spectacular performance trillion just blew, literally almost blew the house down.

Uh, the house blew the roof off, and then we have, uh, Clark that came in. It was showing off his strength, but but he stand back, he lost, uh, because he was trying to put on a scene. All right, here's what I'm gonna do. Hmm, I'm gonna disguise myself as a cigar.

Okay, and I'm going to go off of the where the, the uh bars are, yeah, crappy's line, and I'm gonna do it acrobatics to, uh, snap. Okay, so you are? You are both using your disguise kit, which is an item that you're about to, uh, use right here, and you are going to, uh, perform essentially an acrobatic stunt here, right?

Okay, I want to make this look like a mysterious, uh? Totally, uh? Tripador that just comes out of nowhere. Yeah, no, but not, not even the, um, not even the okay, I'm sorry, trailing right now. The ringmaster trillion knows who this person is. Yeah, and it's just like this mystery guy that appears on it.

No, okay, truly Off the Wall. So here's how we're gonna do it first. Let's, uh, before you Aid, let's go ahead and resolve the item itself because this has its own language. This says that you're gonna make what's called an item. Check now if you're wondering what an item check is.

It's a check. It's the same rules, um. So, when you see that word, it is always the same. Go to roll 2d6 here and see what happens. Okay, you crits. It's the same as all the others you get to roll an additional D6 here six that we succeed. Heck, yeah, okay, no, no, so that was, we're not there yet.

That is not the attempt. Um, he's using his item right now. These dice in front of you, as prescribed by the item card itself. This is what's called a buff, a buff in front of you. These dice actually. Remain, and you can keep this card in front of you to represent it.

But here's what it means that visit. Think of this as like, um. Defensive Health for people being the GM. Being able to even know who you are, so if I choose to have, uh, say, an enemy or an NBC. Perform an investigation check against you. They're kind of just attacking your disguise, so to speak.

And if I knock all those dice off. They find out who you really are, so by rolling really well, you've actually scaled up. How long you can keep this disguise on as I'm relentlessly throwing enemies at you to figure out who you are if I deem that it's even necessary.

So that is a buff, specifically a disguised buff, and one so strong. I'm not gonna bother, so because that was an that was a great role. So now, what you're going to do now. Let's do the actual attempt. You're going to do an acrobatics check, and I think your friend, uh, cork has an idea.

I would like to Aid with the spark heck, um, one thing stall. You're the reason they start moving again, and I, you said that, um, it's Odin, right? Yep, that Odin, right now, he's not actually part of the? Act like he's a money. He collects the money. He's right, Barker.

Maybe he has actually he wants to be part of the ACT. Yeah, you know? He's been left out of it. He hasn't had an opportunity to prove his skills, and so maybe he in court. Set this up beforehand, where cork is last to like. Call a volunteer out of the audience to come perform, and like, some, like, great feet, and he is gonna call.

Oh, that, ooh, that mysterious stranger there? So, this is, I guess you don't want the show to fail, but you want yourself to look weak, so you, you're like, let me redirect as soon as possible. I totally buy this. Your card will Aid in this acrobatics check for plus one D6 to your friends.

The moment happens in both game. Oh no, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Yes, yes, so the bond cards if you target another player and you both, uh, receive the benefit. Then, you gain a boost for yourself. I guess I consider this a like, a boost that I'm holding on. I could have targeted him with my command earlier.

Oh, is that a no, uh? Bomb cards are like the green ones, it explicitly says. Both of you, both of you, and they do a thing. If it helps, we're going to resolve this, and we're actually don't have any bond cards. No, we don't have backgrounds background background. That's right, no background.

Yeah, once we once we've finished this check, we're actually going to serve dinner, and I'll use that to get Michael set up. So, um, awesome, you ready for acrobatics? You need to beat this to succeed, ready to beat and eight you. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, you need to be a one, a three, and a four.

Oh, gotcha, I can. I also Aid you get? That's the whole game. I'm gonna use my human card. Okay, one of the three, one of the three things you can do is find a way. Improvise adapters simply refuse to be stumped, and I you, you said, I even, I don't know who he is, yep.

But I see that he's about to do something really cool and impressive. Okay, so I'm also like you, I'm actually going to improvise, adapt, and say. And, and here's the mystery of these artist. What's funny, is, he knows that this is happening. You don't know this happening. Still running with it?

Yes, so you're still running with it, and it is just like. And he's going to, of course, like, make it a little bit about himself, sure. But like he's going to be like, I scoured the streets to find the most crazy talents. That's right, beneath you. While he's climbing the ladder, just a random matter, yeah, he's just like he's just like I found this person.

Um, I'm able to sense Talent. Um, I can smell it. Well, pork sauce butter goes right now. That is a great use of human. I will allow an additional age to your role, which means my friend, you now have with two additional Aid dice. But that is, for, for this particular role, you need to clear this to win and remember one's are removed.

So you could, you could fail. You could always fans. Hello, oh, I got one. Okay, so that gets removed immediately, and I gained its hold. Well, hold on. Oh, hold on. I have a half leg trait. Okay, allows me to re-roll it. Heck, yeah, but it says here reveal this car to make a lock check?

Yep. So what do I need to do for the luck? Oh yeah, let me double check. I know I'm going to finish the scene. Oh, I see, yeah, I'm just saying, is it worth? Is it worth using right now because you already passed the check? Yeah, I think that's looking at your dicing.

Yeah, I think you've got that. Yeah, yeah, a rainy day. I'll tell you how that works once you do. Yeah, yeah, okay, well, and we'll, we'll learn more about it. Okay, so knock them out. You take your three dice knock out my three dice, and with a five and a four barely cleared it.

Like, like, look at this exhausting account. How cleared my my grease? And that's, that's my point is the you wouldn't have been in this situation if he wasn't greedy in the first place, but Your gamble paid off, paid off. So the second act dips as your strongman act falls apart, but then this mysterious stranger from the crowd.

Does this describe to me your acrobatic stun? What happens next, so I, as the? Uh, trillion is describing how this mysterious stranger he's climbing up to the top, where the, um, basically the Crow's Nest. You don't need Wings to fly, and he grabs on to the, uh, to the bar and swings across as the bars are passing by, and he totally flips does.

Uh, does a backward slip double flip actually and grads on to the other side successfully and lands at the other crowsma as he gets to the other side. There's like a blast of wind Dragon Magic from that West opening that takes you back up onto the perch and immediately the king.

I mean, the random stranger surrounded by guards looks odd, and you see the blistering, like the wind, like whips back this Veil that was in front of his face like he had, like a shawl, uh, cloak pulled up. And then it flies open, and everyone sees the crown on his head.

Uh, you knew this by the way you intuited that he was there and? Immediately, you see, his eyes are. Almost like that of a child. He is truly taken aback by this moment, and the crowd erupts and Applause. It's really another chance to give any last words before people break for the intermission.

Yeah, um. Don't go just yet. Don't go home. There will be more just like that when you come back. So please, uh, please give a hand to our flying mystery, not knowing what to call you. Everyone just starts talking the head to the strongest, oldest man you've ever seen.

Oh, and, of course, me trillion West Wind Bay. Here we go. Here we go. You crushed your Arc, your arcade passed earlier. He's a little unfair. I, I'm rolling this as they loved your act, and they hate you as a person. So, yeah, actually, reaction was like. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Yeah, good one. Now, as soon as you begin to to prepare for the break where concessions would come out, you immediately hear. And a huge lion Roar. As tearing through the side of your tent immediately free. So much money to fix that. That is true. You, you had Indigo dyes instilled into it.

Um, immediately, you see as three lions break. Yeah, and he's all three of them. Um, you see, as three lines burst into the scene as the three of you are in the center, preparing to clean up from the act, and unfortunately, you haven't had a chance to rest just yet.

We're gonna stay in the scene, but we are going to break for some dinner, and we'll be back a little useful card in my hand. It's terrifying. Yeah, I'm testing. I'm testing, you know? I telegraphed it to you, but I'm exhausting your resource a little bit and see how, seeing how it feels, um, okay.

I've got some dinner and prep for me. Let me get the basics here. Michael, some of the cards just because so much as influx are either unclear or decent, explaining, or just straight st. I will. I will help make sure you're up to speed, but let's get pooped. Yay!

Let's do it, Michael. Good to see you. How are you? How are you doing and how are we see you then? And it was Dan. Hello, yes, that's me. Great. Okay, uh, I'm finally. It's after being, uh, so I've been doing the campaign. Yeah, is it, uh, friends with his younger brother?

Yeah, yeah. Alaska. I look for that, all right. Okay, okay, okay, Reef primer, the nine Stone camera. This is. Basically like a lentil stew that's meant to be dropped directly on top of the rice. So, if you like some other time, if you don't like soupy, that's good for you.

You can, you can basically drain it if you like. Doobie, you want to be more of a stew that one is for you. Any questions? I would start myself because I swear I will forget to eat if I do if I do that if I don't do that. So, um.

I will shove away the choices. Mobile. It's a good thing you're showing up now, because, oh yeah, yeah, we'll hand a car today, right? How are you? You probably saw it. But, uh, I didn't see people worse. I got to swim in it. Yesterday, feels great. Can't believe we're finally, finally here.

Oh, and, uh. Big spoons, your drawer, your wheel into spiny Chopsticks. So, we're going challenge. It's also really hot. Probably gives you the crock pot off. Oh yeah, yeah, thanks. Actually, I sent to warm. Okay, so I'm saving some for Annie, but this is sorry. This is for us, eat all of it, but if there's leftovers, sure, I'll keep it in.

So, put all the rice in my bowls. Yes, got it.

I think I shall perform the Oliver Twist please, uh?

Do you ever have the first step calm down? Yeah, I want more than nothing.

The old. I did consider writing down that. Cork was greedy for food, but I was like, you know, what? Just money's gonna come up. Money's gonna come up. I'm just glad I found an opportunity you said, uh, into it. Let us know where you're going. Oh wait, let's see where I could be able to come.

What is your fly again? My Applause, worthless? You know what nice. This checks out so perfect. What are our circus architects? Obviously, trillions the reindeer, uh. Vince is strongman and? Uh, I'm the reader at the process. Hey, come on, oh, perfect. You're the marker.

Michael's just said he can't be the strong man with the handlebar mustache. Oh, no, I, I fully came into this idea with a different idea sick. Yeah, so we'll eat. We get Michael in a comfortable spot, then we might just keep playing while we eat. I see no reason not to, um.

There's no reason we can't have multiple barkers. Double barker. Elevator. I mean, it depends on how big that circus it is. Yeah, you know, on, on certain days, Trillium probably barks too sometimes, so I was getting. Yeah, I do feel like the ring Master also does a little bit of the The Barking, but he's injuring a lot of the advertisements, huh?

But you don't want to be the one that's collecting filthy money on the filthy commoners here. So that is what your, uh, your Barker's job well. We've establish that you're a little bit of a control tree. Oh yeah, so you are absolutely. Like, I need to do it myself as well.

He's the boss on LinkedIn now. Posts about leading from the front console, the Skyrim fight music happening right now. Did it make you caught off guard? That's the name of this track. Um, I don't know, it's just I've. I've been playing Skyrim a little bit over the summer. I haven't played it before.

So, um, and I'm just hearing this movement, it's like, I'm like, where are the the random wolves showing up for no reason? It just came through the side of the circus thing, all right. What difficult is you play Skyrim on? Normal difficulty. Oh gotcha, you do not play it on the wolf simulator mode.

It was very. Not fun. That's really funny. It was so bad I didn't kill anything else and legendary. The only person you have available to you is to kill wolves and walls. Just show up, like, like nothing. Oh my dice, go!

Yeah, you like handed them to me when you were doing your check with your whatever like six dies are from, and you ended up rolling, I think. I, I, you print twice on four dice. That's six. Well, I, but it was still five because you rolled a one. Yeah, yeah, I I there have been two ones on that one.

You could have soloed it. Yeah, yeah, which would have been pretty sick. It's possible. I mean, I do. I, I burnt two cards to do it, too. Yeah, well. And heat burner card. Yeah, well, and that is one of the risks of AIDS, because last time when we played, I got two A's and I rolled a six and three ones.

Yep, it feels, oh no, the fact that that is a possibility. I actually think I, I know, exactly. I, I think it's a plus. You can always fail, and you can, unless unless you need more than double your current dice, and you can always succeed. Um, yeah, but? I gave him a lot of toys.

Yeah, no. Yeah, I remember, was the sewage check, or it was like the, you only need you only have one dot, or was this the um, the, the persuasion check in the um? With what's his face, though? Oh, it might have been the the toilet inspector persuasion. Yeah, yeah, because there was one guy left.

It was like, you only need to clear this one, die, um. So very, very good, uh, Michael. Hi, did you, uh, first of all, welcome? Thank you really. Glad to have you here. Glad to be here. Um, did you were you able to click on the link that I most recently sent in the Discord?

Okay, so one. Even though you've already even just in the 15 minutes when you walked in, learned most of the rules, uh, just by seeing an encounter play out. Um, if you want to read the player primer, that's sort of designed to get you into the headspace of this game.

Tap on that link on your phone. You can go and check it out while we're doing stuff, um. However more important your deck so. That Loadout card is technically accurate, with one exception trait cards don't exist. They were renamed to Instinct cards, um, and I think it explicitly says this, but in case it doesn't, you pick one of the patrons and you fill in their name and for diversity, for, for, uh, variety.

Our friend Trillion chose the Fey Patron, named it Oberon. Their name is Oberon, and we'll see how Oberon factors in the story you get to do the same so you can choose a patron done and done. Um, and everything else. I bet you probably figured out from the bond to the flaw to the yeah, oh, I didn't know exactly which, what was up for God or not upper grab?

So I was just like, I'm gonna be piles up and rounds. Yeah, I think in the future, I'll probably print doubles of every. Core of every um class list card, so that so that you have options if you're the fourth player. I couldn't see any reason that people couldn't double up on, like bonds and flaws, and stuff like that I would might make it more interesting if they don't, I would.

I would have them not, um, just for for their own variety. You know, like, your people are made up of more than one dementia and then? You know, imagine if what someone might want to make a horny Bard, and so he just took five copies of horny. And then, then he gets to shoot, like, but mechanically, he's forced to shoehorn that in in every single scene.

That's, like, that's the extreme, of course, but that wouldn't be as fun in my opinion. So why is not a flaw? What's that is fair enough? Just five flaw cards. His hand gets completely filled, and he's like, I can't. I can't do anything I'm forced. I must do this.

I must have sex. Yeah. That that actually does sound pretty funny, but? I on behalf of GM's everywhere. I'm not going to allow that. Oh, thank you. I'm, I'm designing this for players, but I'm also designing this for GM's. I think at all my of going. Okay, mastering. I don't think I've encountered the that guy.

I'm kind of glad I have it and me neither because because, like something that happens, that much, the one time I was playing a bar. Fairly high level campaign. My PM for the dragon in front of me. What was it gonna not seduce the dragon? Uh, uh. Following the bits, obviously not, and not following a bit.

Yes, you can just do anything else. Right, the dragon was Ace. So, yeah, yeah, my friend did the dragon. Hey, you know what, that's even better than seducing it. Yeah, in terms of what you get out of it, that is much better. Yep, there's some. Some truth to it, so.

Um, Michael, any questions on the cards, no real questions? Excuse me. We're not worrying about ancestry or backgrounds, right? Uh, the ancestry? Yes, backgrounds. Now, okay, all right. Great! Then, I'll stick with the halfway today, so let's take literally. Um, and then. Um. These blue cards. These are not box.

These are. The blue cards. You've got five, all right, dude, and it's like your character's personality. Okay, oh, he doesn't have the packed part because there was only one. No, I have one. He printed doubles. Oh gosh, yeah, I. I printed a whole new set. I'm assuming. Yep, you get one item.

Um, can I ask you a question about something that will not at all be relevant here, but I read it in the rules, and I'm curious, which is? Leveling and tears. Yet, the separation of leveling in tears because it says, when you shift between tears, you can you roll with higher Bass.

Yes, but for example, you said tier one is levels one through three. Yep, so what happens when you're level to two, like, not two or two. What is level two? What does that do for you? I'll I'm tweaking the numbers, but you would draft one or two level two ability cards you need to your class.

Oh, okay, cool. That's the only main difference. Does your? The amount of dice you roll for checks also increases your level, so that's the tier thing. That's when you hit Level four. You would roll as a base three D sixes. I was thinking of. If you have? Say, 15 base Tier 1 abilities, and then you need draftable tier tiered abilities.

Yep, or sorry draftable leveled abilities. Yes, for every. Two, wait, no. What do you so when you say that you could draft a tier two ability a level at level two? Yep, a level two, a level two ability. So, now, you need to. The cards are about designing one through ten abilities on top of this, and there has to be enough of them that it's like a draft situation.

It would be too many, it would be maybe. Level, I think yeah, so then we're talking like 36 additional cards per class. All right, that if I'm selling, if I end up selling this, that's what I'm selling. I'm selling cool cards that players are excited to pick up. Because everything else is just a couple of ideas that I've balanced.

And stole from other systems. Which makes me wonder if there should be? Bless tier one abilities or could be those numbers. I the what I actually thought it would be is that whenever you level up within your tier. You draft additional like tier, like core abilities. So, instead of saying, oh, you're doing, yeah.

But those don't 1 through 10, yes, that you're really doing. Like, here's tier one you pick 10 to start with, and then you've pulled the rest in, actually, I'm gonna I'm gonna change it now because I think that's that's better for a few reasons. Um, I think it should be that you have starter cards, um.

Let's say there's a set of like 15 starter cards from which you choose, and this number doesn't have to right now. It's 10, it could be less than that. Um, there's no law that your deck needs to be 20 yards and also like, sometimes like, have you know having a big deck can be bad because you want to draw into the cards?

Yeah, well, so let's, let's think of it as a slider. This is officially designed talk. Well, I want to get back to the game in a moment, but if we think of it as a slider, the fewer cards you have, the closer it is to a character sheet because you're seeing all of your options, every turn, every scene, and that makes it more like, okay, well, there are these certain moves that I tend to use over and over again.

The, you know, if your debt goes to Infinity large, then every hand definitionally is always completely new, and you're having to figure things out on the Fly, so there's definitely a middle grab. There's there's some number, and I don't know what that is. Yeah, it's possible. Drawing five is too many or too few, and so if you draw more than you cycle your deck faster, or you need draw fewer, you just burned through what I was going to say is the five cards that whether or not it's too many or too few is dependent on the?

Yep, more than the game design. Yeah, the recommendation for GM's is, like, think about how, like, in Deckerheart, it says, Jim. You should always try to have around four fear when you're moving between the scenes, um. I would tell GM's hey. Generally, you should be. Moving on to the next scene.

Once your players are down to two cards, a piece or two cards average two cards average each um or. If you would go longer, it is with the intent of exhausting them, like you should make them feel the pressure of running out of resources, just like how a GM can a DM and DND can just decide.

Hey, you don't get the long rest here. You, you need to keep going, so no longer that that is the kind of thing I, I'm genuinely quite curious to figure out, but we can only figure it out. My testing, I will say, with the leveling output, um, I feel like, maybe.

Um, it might be a good idea to at certain levels allow the players to remove cards from their debt. Oh, I'm sorry, whatever that numbers we choose, you swap out abilities. Oh, okay, okay. So, uh, I didn't say this earlier. But, let's say, let's go ahead with the numbers we have now.

You have 10 starting cards you level up. You choose between, we'll say. Tier one tier one cards because you get one or two ad levels. Two, three, and four or whatever, and then when, then you tear up, um. Those are now in sort of like a like a. I mean, it's the Vault in dagger heart.

It's a collection of cards that are your deck, but when you start your adventure, or when you start finished resting, you must take exactly 20 cards into a session, um, unless you have something weird, like your Rogue ability, so by default, your deck is always the same number of cards.

Yeah, but you can swap them out whenever you're resting, so even though a higher leveled abilities usually stronger. He might decide that one of your starter cards is still worth it. You could swap it back in, but you can't do it in the moment, starter cards, or could you so for warlock ability cards?

Probably. What about these two mark condition? These two might react versus act. Are these all part of Loop 10 that I need to have? What is the condition card because I thought I faced those out? Hunger and darkness impactly, oops! Condition cards are not supposed to be in this print.

Okay, so leave these out. I would leave them out, thanks. Audition part. Um, so there are only two card types in terms of action economy and its actions and reactions. Okay, which are kind of if you've played any other game. You would know it, and I just happened to to not pick any other cards that were out?

Nice. Yeah, I. I didn't double check information card. Yep. I'm sure I could in the moment quickly twist it into an action reaction or, but let's just not worry about it if you have enough cards, uh, if I did pick a condition, figure it out after all, and I ended up drawing it.

I'll just remove it. Yeah, you can. Yeah, you only have one other card, right? Because Rogue starts with three extras. Um. Watch it. Be in your Ace, uh, your ice pile. Oh my gosh, that'd be hilarious. Um. Gotta! Give a little bit of a idea that you could possibly do with regards to the kind of as the characters become more powerful.

They've built their decks a little bit more. Maybe there's more cards that start to be adding. Or maybe you want to keep it to be the same amount of cards? If you decide to do it where you get to add more cards, and as you level up, meaning your deck is bigger and bigger.

You could have it to where, let's say, tier one is five cars. Tier two makes it seven cards. Oh, you draw more of her hand. You draw more perhand. I did actually think about that that. It is a nice tutorialization of the system, because when you're newer to the game system, you draw fewer cards.

You have less to think about, um. So, we'll see. Yeah, I mean, it would be one of those things of being able to just see your character mature, and then, because the. I'll tell you guys begin to become more expensive. I've already designed cards that are higher level. That introduce card draw and card scribe mechanics.

So, for example, the wizard actually. The wizard gives us a lovely line because I wanted it to be a core ability, but there the wizard gets to prepare spells by, um, reaching into their deck. And then, putting a face down until the next scene so that they can put it, bring it back into their hand when they need it, so they're basically thinking ahead as to what kinds of ability excuse me.

Ability cards they want to use in the future, so it's it's there will be car draw. Um, in this game, but at higher levels, because I've played enough games where generally speaking. You don't want to give players more information that they now have to process. While things are happening, it slows things down so.

Okay, Michael. How you feeling feeling good? Okay, so I would love to meet your character so immediately as the Lions tear through the tent use. Notice that one of the acts never got to exhibit. They were in the middle of setting up for what would be the Act 2 opener after intermissions, and this character is now going to explain who they are, their flaw and their Bond, and what actor now upset.

They won't get to do. Let me finish the video. Yeah, yeah, um, I will say a real quick design thing, but while you're finishing your your name, is that, um, depending on the structure of the scene? I'll say, for example, like having car, that's triggers when I lose a hit die, and with what we were doing, I was like, I don't know if there is any point in the scene in which we will have our hit die affected, and I don't know if I will ever be able to use this card.

Yeah, that four cards that have such an obvious like, say, combat, Bend to them. I'm almost considering writing them to where there's like a generic effect that sits on top. And then there's the big, oh, there's a big ore divider and then underneath is a more combat oriented one.

Well, I like one of this is my hands. Are you draw five cards? You shuffle your deck together and you drop them. Okay, so these two are always out then. Yeah, so you've got your pores that are out here and your Loadout card. You can now ditch because it was just to help you set up.

Yeah, those two are the same for some reason. You can get rid of them both, so I like this when the Ally would be hit because I feel like I could flavor exact in multiple ways, whereas this one that is explicitly mechanically when you lose a hitt die, I feel like I cannot flavor that in general, the ones that are more Niche are more powerful, because by definition, if you're bringing it in with you after a long rest, you expect to use it for a high output, but you don't determine what's in your hand in a good scene.

How do I? It's something I need to figure out what dice do I need? This is your health, my friend, a bunch of these. I'll just roll and see. They are real. Hit dice, oh no. So, what is if that is the character that I played in last time?

So, so my friend Michael, this demonstrates how you're feeling today physically. So, what's? Going on with you, man, good. Let me let me drop my father. I think he got trampled by the lines. No, no, no, their eyes are about to trample you that has not happened yet. Stop, please.

Hey, if it makes you feel better, I have two more Health than I have. No idea what Michael's looking for. Oh, I'm so sorry there. I, you're laughing at something, but before you even reveal that, I will say a global world that is not in the primer, and I forgot to put it in the tutorial again.

Um, is that if you ever have more than one, uh, let me say it in different words that's more clear at any time. You may discard any number of instinct cards that are in your hand provided. One remains in your hand, and then you may draw the many cards it's a soft Mulligan.

If you have all of your instinct cards in hand, although I actually think those are the strongest cards of the game. Um, so, so it is, it is up to. So if you're like, I don't have any of my core abilities. They're the blue ones that are ones mislabeled as traits on your Loadout.

Okay, um, so okay? Yeah, instinct, uh, the the type of card is always in the bottom left. I think so. Okay, we're gonna meet your fourth, your fourth, uh, circus member. Tell us about yourself, you see, uh, half work. It's strong, like, big Burley, uh, you would easily mistake them for the strong man.

Have you not realized that, um, cork? You know? What found that role? That role was filled, so there was like? We need a clown. Yep. So yes. Red nose. Dead expression he's looking over. He sees the lines he goes. You see your shoulders a bit like this facing the same.

You see, the shoulders are visually like. He enters sad clown mode. I'm deciding this music. This music now is for bubbles, not for specifically one of those. Like, sad clowns, it was like, I mean, is he just a really bad, handy puppy, he just? He's not actually smiling. No, I love the idea that courts that lives a little popular one thinks you're the strong player that he's actually the strong guy.

Yeah, I don't know if you caught this, but cork is is like King boomi, where he like hunches, and he doesn't show he's straight. Yeah, okay, so bubbles, bubbles, Joy's the party. Um, what was the act that you were preparing for when this all happened? I was going to be juggling.

Jug jug like, what juggling juggling? I imagine if you juggling bubbles, which are like the slowest possible thing, you could juggle it just like, slowly drift down, but Um, well, I'm sorry, bubbles. Unfortunately, your act has been canceled because you are now under attack. Also, bubbles, why do you feel so, uh, frail today?

There was a lump in my mattress. Oh, no. Princess princess Bubbles in the Pea situation? Um, there was a lentil in my mattress. There's a trick be in my mattress, so all right, so close man when you don't sleep. Well, you really, you really don't sleep. Well, frankly, neither did trillions.

I only I only my only one. You just mask it with, um, you know, yeah, absolutely. One of my dice is better than his, so other secretly. They share a bad dreams.

Have a nice mattress. I'm gonna say trillion does not really shell out for good sleeping quarters for the rest of the traveling circus. You sleep on the ground anyways. And I don't know where you sleep. You just like break everything in or something. Apparently, so. Bubbles is standing there.

Oh goodness, there's only one bed. Oh, there's only one bed. And except, they're both like, almost off of the bed, like, there's like an entire person who can fit in the middle or just both, like, like, like bubbles or terrible line, like right at the edge of the bed, not you didn't either way, just like?

Sleep is so important to Bubbles that you've been like he needs to stay. Yeah, and in fact with your side of the mattress out of petty Revenge. He's not, we're gonna did that. Well, I was gonna say trillion is also like a heavy mover in his sleep. He's, like, like that, he, like, falls asleep on that side, but always wakes up like diagonal or so.

That's why I just look poorly then? Yeah, come up with my mattress well. So why was he sleeping poorly then? This is the chain reaction. We were both. I think both of us at some point like woke up in the middle of the night from each other, and like, did some just crazy because I did nothing.

I was just lying, there's a deal. Do you do you go to sleep in your makeup. Yeah, see if I woke up and I turn over in the middle of the night, and I see that looking at me with full makeup on. I would not be able to sleep for the rest of the night.

He's used this one. Wake up with his head next to your feet and blamed you for it.

Speed on her stomach. Well, all right, I'm glad. For the notes that what was effectively just narrate why your health is low today is, uh, has has amounted to quite a lot of lore in our universe. Um, which is fine because you, by the way, whenever you long rise, you do reroll all of them.

Oh, you reroll any of the dice that you choose. So, um? So all of them, so all of them. All of yours for sure. Yeah, so, uh, okay, let's go ahead and Rumble so immediately. And that, you know, the good news is your ally just walked in with five cards, which might be helpful to you.

That's, that's the that's, that's the main. He's refreshed right now because he was outside. While this happening, so why is it gonna tear in? We're gonna enter into another encounter during the same scene because you're still at the tent. Here's what this is going to be made up of.

Um, just like the group skill check you did earlier, you're all gonna have one action a piece to resolve your cards and dice in whatever way you see fit. But, and this is important, no matter what, unless something happens that I deem it, you will receive the damage that is dealt to you based on the threat dice you're going to roll for yourselves.

Let's talk about it first, I'm going to set up the difficulty of this encounter. Just like with your group skill, check from earlier even or flat would be for me to take 2d6 for all of you and place them out here. I'm gonna scale it up a little bit, and we're going to put nine dice on the table as these Lions, you see.

Oh, I said, nine. Here you go. There's one more here. Does that? Does the GM's dice also explode? No, okay. This is not a check. This is literally a, uh, it's a difficulty, uh, difficulty role. So, so, and here's what that represents. You see them turning through. These lions look roided up.

Somebody inject them with a rabid like literally the rabies, uh, what's it called? The rage virus from 28 Days Later mixed with some degree of like steroids, and so they are bulked up tearing through immediately. You see one of them with this with this grayish powder wiped across their face, and he almost like a humanoid.

Just like takes the back of his paw, wipes it off and then shakes it as his whiskers and Mane flow behind him. The people around you start screaming and tearing for the exit, and this for the people this for the king. About half of the people immediately escaped. The others are In Harm's Way, but the King, the Kings unwieldly long shawl that he was using to conceal his identity, gets snagged on one of the nine soldiers around him, and he trips.

Tumbling down the bleachers until he lands directly in the middle of the arena and in front of all these lions, his shock face, which just moments ago was looking up in awe at her performance. Dear Odin, he turns and says, no, my worst fear is come to pass, and he is paralyzed in fear, unable to act Heroes in order to progress this fight.

The first thing we need to do with each round of combat is you need to roll threat against yourself. Oh, I'm sorry, actually. Before we even do that. We need to rule thread together, so let's get some more d6s out here ready. Um, to start with. At least there's only one six.

Hello, um, you might need some of these because? You are now going to essentially gain resolve for this encounter. This is whenever you are facing a high-stake scenario resolve for you is based upon your level. Sometimes, it's buffed by items or class abilities. In this case, none of you have anything that is relevant here, but by default, you get to roll 2d6 and put it in front of your health bar as result.

Place it physically in front to remind you that that gets hit before anything else. Cool. Whoever rolls the highest? Is? Going to describe to me why they are? Uh, so resolved, and they are going to be the leader for this encounter for one reason or another. You decide, and I think that's trillion.

Is that right? Yes, okay. So trillion, why have you suddenly? This is not an initiative role you can act in any order, but why? I'll use the word. Why do you suddenly have so much initiative in this combat? Um, I'm actually going to, um. I mean, it's not. It's gagging out of my head, but um, he, um.

Is loyal to a fault and is, like, no one gets harmed on my watch. Okay, is that a pride thing, like your brand, or is it real like you sincerely care about anyone who comes to your show? Um, you sincerely cares about people who run through a show, okay, and uh.

And so the and also it's a king. And he's like, this is really great if I'm able to save this. Um, this King. Yep, um, and from a problem that your circus caused because these are your lions, um, I also mine is not my life. I, I will say, I would like to use terrifying.

Well, you're almost going to get into actions here. Um, well, you may do that. I'm glad you're excited. We'll get into that. This sets up the encounter. The only one I have is still use it. Yeah, so we will get to that, but now you need to see what threat isn't coming to you.

Here's how you're going to do it based on the difficulty of this encounter, which is standard. You're going to take D6 is equal to what you would make on a check, which is two, and you're going to roll the threat that is incoming. But, and this is really important.

Um, this is a threat check. It has the all the same rules of threats of checks, meaning you're exploding Dice, then removing the ones and all that just. So, take 2d6. Roll them. And then point them towards yourself. This is the damage you will take at the end of this round.

Oh. Okay. No explosions. Very good. So? Oh no, one explosion. Um, it so any ones you remove from play immediately and any sixes explode mean you roll an additional D6? Yep, you've got it. Now immediately. What I'm detecting here is that having like red dice for the threat would be really helpful because you already have a lot of dice in front of you to track got you covered.

Oh, nice. I need like a lot of them. Yeah. Um, sorry. Uh, all you find a way. Find a way to to track it in a way that makes sense if you come up with a system that works really well, tell me so I can recommend it to players.

Um, so this is the incoming damage that we'll be facing you. Within each round, you have a choice you may choose to use your actions to attack the objective. That's the center pool of dice. Um, if you do that, you may perform your action as normal, your dice attack it, the way we just saw in the scale check.

However, you may also choose to act defensively a good. A good reason to act offensively might be if you're facing a lot of incoming damage. Just look at the numbers you can see how it's going to impact you. Resolve that little barrier that you just rolled. That's basically free temporary Health.

It goes away, no matter what. At the end of the fight, but anything that overflows after those dice are removed. That kills your hit Dice and brings you closer to death. So that is your choice. Now, two things that are special about, uh, choosing how you want to declare your action because you only get one by default.

Number one Aid rules still apply. You can discard cards to sell each other. There's nothing changed there. Number two, you may choose to offensively or defensively. Use the dice in some cases. You could convince me to defeat those dice if you do an action that is both of those things you're like, can I split it up, then I, if I say, yes, you may roll the dice, and then, after the roll, select where they go between off?

Offensive defense, but I might tell you, oh, you want to like, jump off the banister to get high ground away from them and attack one of them. Okay, that'll be two defensive one, or it'll be, you know, um, two defensive one offensive or something like that, and then after you roll, you get to only appoint them in that particular way.

It's easier once you do it, uh? But finally, you may defend someone else if you want to help someone else that's in need because they're facing a lot of incoming damage that hits their break points. You may declare your action to protect them. Keep in mind, unless that is defended against, they are guaranteed guaranteed.

Guaranteed to take that damage. After a round is concluded. If you have cleared one of the phases of this encounter, so you must clear this first way before the second, just like how your health works, then something will happen to progress the scene that is good for you. Jenna, as a general rule of thumb, it will reduce the incoming threat for the rest of the combat encounter.

It's like an abstraction of you killing a lion or two, and then they're being less incoming attacks if that makes sense. But that happens after the round is over, and we resolve any questions on any of this. Just like before, it's in any order, and you get to decide how you want to use your actions.

I'll just well, I'll just say one immediate thought in terms of like system accessibility is. If you start putting this online for people and then being like, yeah, you really need like 30 d6s to play. That might be. I feel like a barrier to people. Yeah, in terms of the like, it really like, you can't just reuse a D6, you really need them, kind of like sitting here and comparing them.

And yeah, yeah, this, believe it or not, this actually is pretty cheap. Uh, yeah, I, I know, as far as systems go. Well, you're right, women are still like? You know, yeah, and they want to use the fancy dice, and you can make your own and then, and they could buy its own.

Um, the advantage of this is. Where you don't need trackers, tokens, or player sheets or a pencil, frankly? Um, that I, My Hope, Is that the trade-off most will find worth it. We'll see though, I, but it's a gamble. I'm trying to do something fresh. Yes, so, and I also, I have a question about defending.

Yeah, like what I am defending someone? Does that mean I am taking the damage instead? Does that mean that their damage no, no, literally. You roll your action so, uh, uh, throw. Show me your thread dice better facing you, is it? Is it that? Okay, let's say that he's close to death, and you're like we have to protect, um, Odin, specifically all.

Instead of attacking these dice, you're attacking those dice. That's, that's the only difference. So you're still going to take your incoming damage? That's, that's guaranteed. Oh, this is okay, I'm realizing. Now, this is the what the the lions are attacking me. Yes, this is how much damage they're doing.

So, this is your your slave Aspire a little day. Yeah, it's. It's called, declared enemy intent. The enemy intent is showing you what it is now. This is where, actually, now that I explain the rules, I would say, hey, I would look at the table, and if I see, like a particularly high roll, so I'm actually eyeing trillion.

I would actually ask you to narrate, like, why are you so threatened right now. What's going on? I mean, he would probably valiantly jumped in between the the king and the Lions. Okay, yeah, I, I'm going to say the king notices this as you put one hand on his shoulder, and you're you're bracing against the Lions coming, and they're bearing down on you.

And you seem ready to go. I am. I am. If you want to protect the king, I have a card called protect the week. Um, so? So, I was thinking, like, I'm gonna position myself, which you know in between. And then, I'm gonna try to terrify these Lions. I love it.

I, I think it's a great part of my hand, okay, but? So, this is the window in which anyone could Aid this action. If you felt it was helpful here, the reminder for Michael's sake is Discord apart from your hand. You can only do up to one right, zero, or one, uh.

And then, if it is relevant, and you're able to convince me that it is. He would gain a boost one, leaving a single D6 added on top of his role. Could I help with? In a cutting way by shedding my old man disguised going off the road. Yeah, you know, flexing and making myself big in front of the Lions, oh, so we're doing the how to scare Bears treatment.

Yes, and you're basically mogging them behind trillion, as he's preparing to, like, yeah, all right, that is. I will absolutely accept that, and I'm saying it's cunning because I've been hiding because you've been hiding the whole time the the Lions they're looking you're like, he's probably a week old man.

Oh, that disguise was so convincing, and now I will allow you to boost that by one. You're three and six, um, now to, uh? Sometimes making Hindi the DC is secret, and I keep it in my head. And the prints are just bonuses. On top of that, sometimes I declare it in advance.

This will be like a standard check. I will keep the DC here. Go ahead and make, that's oh no, oh, One Singular one. So for Michael's sake, whenever a one is rolled by any of the players. It's fear from dagger heart. I gain a pole here, all right. Well, the total is seven.

Seven is exactly enough to scare one lion, which isn't going to be super helpful temporarily. Um, yeah, so the rattled condition, whatever that means, yeah. Was there a number afterward after the word rattled? Um, it just says all enemies who witness it are rattled great. So when, when there's not a number, it's the default of one.

Sure, we are. I'm gonna play around with the mechanic that, uh, Ben has not seen from our first play test, but there are certain Buffs and debuffs. The first example, which we actually got right here disguised, is like this stack of dice that represents this condition. So, what I'm actually going to do now is, I'm going to take a die, and this is going to be the status rattled for the enemy and all you really need to know is that I have at the start of, uh, my actions with these units.

Um, I have to clear this in order for that unit to take its effect. Um, that's what rattle means it's like, um, it's like, maybe stunt, uh, would be the best way of describing it. Oh, okay, I should have you roll it, you roll, uh, you succeed. It's a roll rattle one, and we're going to attach it to the enemies, uh, could I ask?

Just, yeah, because you're like, oh, this is not powerful. Yeah, just one line, but then the ability the touch that's? The ability cards, but at least that's all. So, it says, perform an intimidation check. Honest success reveals something of your true power. All enemies who witness it a rap.

So there's only one witness, so that's a good point. What I should have said was instead of being a binary DC, the degree of success on your role determines how I affect it. And I think a seven would be fair for one line. No, I agree, you know, that's, that's a good one.

To make sure that the I agree with you, Julie. I want to make sure that the text of the card isn't, like, yeah, so it's, it's not like to arbitrary. Yeah, it's not like on success. All it should be, uh, the successes based on your role or something like that.

That's, that's a good call, though. Other questions, yeah, I got a four on this check. Does it apply to our goal? Uh, so, oh, good point and use it to remove one of the dice. Good point, uh, but uh, you have one action that was your action. Okay, technically, you should have declared in advance whether it was offensive or defensive.

Clearly, it was offensive, so by default. You target these front. This front row of dice, yeah, and you hit them. So, go ahead and apply your dice now. It can only apply one of them because it. Well, yes, he isn't. If a dye doesn't meet the value it needs to succeed it, it succeeds in decrementing that die by only one, so it's like a little little at the end of the day so you can knock out a four.

I'm going to knock out a four and you choose the six to five. Yeah, in most cases, it won't matter, but just know there are some abilities that mess with dice numbers. Um, and so there might be some strategy around it in the future. I've tried not to include them in this game so far, right?

And I'm gonna roll for the the yeah roller rattled three. Great. So I'm gonna put that in front of me. Maybe I should have colored dice for this. Um, this is. This is a debuff in front of me, uh, so that rattle condition I will. What's the easiest way to resolve this?

I will. Resolve. I will attempt to resolve immediately, um, so essentially every round of combat. That's how this works. The lion facing you, you see, as this Roar, or actually, what did you do? You said a show of your true power? Yeah, yeah, it shows. It shows the true power, uh, and so what he's going to.

Well, this guy is flexing behind you. Yeah, yeah, um. I think what he's got his. What happens is, as he is. Like doing whatever it is like holding the king back. He's like going to. Uh, just. I mean, he's a fay warlock, so I'm not sure how scary he really can be.

Um, but I think the thing the main thing are The Fate, not scary. They're scary in other ways that lions wouldn't be afraid of them. Yep, okay. But he's going to like, have his eyes glow red. Um, and maybe you know what, I think, more specifically, he's going to like, conjure up like moth wings where they look like giant eyes, uh, which is like, you know the the way they scare away Predators, so he's going to like, kind of, do that.

And it goes woof, um. And, you know, uh, cork is, yeah, in the corner of the scene of this intimidation attack. So, the line that's immediately in front of you and in front of the king. Um, you seize its main blows back with this explosion of energy coming from you, and it seems temporarily startled.

Now, whenever a debuff is attempted to be cleared, this would be like if you were stunned in d, d, and you have to make the Constitution take at the start of your turn. It's going to attempt it now. It will roll dice equal to the number of dice that are in front of it.

It needs to clear it in order to be able in this case to clear the rattled condition. Rattle is effectively stucked, um, but it can be applied in a lot of contexts, including role play and social encounters. I'm gonna try. It fails so emote as it, like blows back.

It suddenly spalters in place, and my adjudication for this is, I want you to choose a threat die in front of you and remove it as it's stunned as it slowed from attacking you at the moment. So, yep, yep. Take out a threat th. Of your choice. So, you've now done.

Offensive damage and a little bit of Defense because of this rattled condition. And now, I'm gonna go to the table, you the three of you still have an action left. Go ahead bubbles. Bubbles is going to look at the lions. And he is going to use his ability, Whisperer ruin.

Performing intimidation. Check on the self speak of truth about whether it's a Target if they continue. They must immediately choose to stand down or continue unraveled. Uh, the wording of the card needs to be believed is one specific lion, okay. And so, when I look at the line closest to me, yep.

If you come anywhere near me, you will be jumbled. Waits in place. It's the one with the whey protein. It's just like, like, scared over over its Mane. It's got like this this white streak, going through its body, um, it's time for you to make your check. You will always always need two to six.

Yeah, base is two. The only reason it would be more is if one, it was such a good idea that I gave you inspiration, or if an ally aided you by discarding a card that was relevant in this situation. And your your fellow allies don't have too many cards.

Yeah, holy crap. They vote. They literally both explode. Roll those two again. That's now. It only explodes once, so it does not like continuous or anything like that. Yeah, it doesn't change, but how about that? How about, so pull, yeah, pull them all together. Um, double check remind me the language of the cards effects, um, uh, so performance intimidation check on the success speaker truth about whether it's in Target, they continue.

They must immediately choose, stand down, or continue with rattle hypocrit. They're also if they continue. They're also exposed, uh? There's like a bunch of different options for you to choose from. Obviously, if I have them continue, they will be exposed, or they have to stand out entirely. You've actually given me a really awkward Choice here, because I'm going to rule this as if it stands down.

It just leaves the fight entirely, and like threat drops for all of you. Otherwise, I have to have continue. I'm Gonna Roll resolve for it, uh, not me, can't result like willpower. So, uh, that was defensive. Yeah. 13 of these bad boys and I have 14 Health. Yeah, agreed.

Um, okay, let's, uh, yeah. So, that was defensive. Obviously, dice only affects, wow! Okay, its resolve was low. It's willpower should use a different word that lion. Freaking hightails it. Out of there, you mean like the white powder? That was, that was the extra jacked one. So, we're talking like a 400 pound Beast that is tearing through the tent here, um, say it.

Say you're lying again, and uh, I'll react as the line here. If you come any closer to me, you will be juggled. It takes one step back. It then looks at the others, but they're locked in other business right now. Clark is still flexing you just rotating. I try to do, and it it drops the container of whey protein and tears through the tent and runs out.

You now have, uh, specifically Corks protein. You can add that to your inventory, oh my God, your your dice would have already done this because you could apply the diet. Let's do it just for practice. Um, you can apply the Dyson and remove all of the thread dies facing you for this round.

Um, uh, which are the two? The threat dice are the, uh, the two that was good to apply his spillover. Or is that just? Oh, we had four dice against equation. Yeah, so he could. Obviously, I can. It was like four. Uh, so, so there's two ways for me to.

There's two ways I would probably do. Okay, so does it have to go above those dice rolls over there. Or can you people beats? It beats it. Pizza pizza, um, sorry. Let me think so. There's there's two ways I can do this. The first is, as a global rule, any defensive dice can spill over because cool, easy, simple, cool.

Um, the second way of doing this is that? Uh, it would only be relevant if, like, an effect were to do that like, you. Cause one of the alliance to run out of the fight, and then I could decide that this is actually one of those rare circumstances where I could, even in the middle of combat, pull threat away from the board because it is representative of one of the enemies, leaving the field um or I could do it to where I progress.

The objection I could do, I could do any of those in what I'm going to do is because that was such a strong attempt? Where you can defend each other. No, I'm not gonna do that. Um, so instead. The ruling is going to be this by default, defend yourself.

Just do it like normal, so look at your threat dice attack them. This is so with these dice, right? So attack them. Yep. Yep, I think you just cleared it all right. Yeah, yeah. Overflow is overflow. Overflow is too bad to accept for what it's worth. Oh, the Paladin specializes in using defensive dice at flexibly.

So, like, in a way that gives the paladin something extra cool to do, uh, so the remainder of your dice just get rid of them. It doesn't matter, right. Like you, you did it. Yeah, the your your check. Dice here. Oh, basically, that was just basic default rules. Now, back into the scene as the lion rips tail and runs, I am going to kill the entire first wave of this because it's huge, and it's one of your one of your opponents is just completely left the building.

It is not going to return, and so, because the first wave is cleared this. Now, this now is going to cause all of your. Threats to be reduced, so I'm now going to ask everyone to remove the lowest threat die facing them this. Oh no, I'm sorry, that's not how that works.

That will be for future routes. You always face a threat in front of you that can't be changed without special effects or defensive right dice roll, so. Great. That means in future rounds that you that that there will be less threat here, right? Okay, cool. That does make sense.

Thank you bubbles, uh? Which means we have Cork and Odin to act. Yeah, okay, I report. I have a question about, yep, narrative positioning versus mechanical positioning. Yeah, tell me about it. Narratively, I have protect the weak and I feel like I want to protect the king because he rolled a one, and he lived in front of the lion.

Yeah, no, no mechanically. That didn't seem to change anything. The fact that he is now there and did like it didn't increase the complexity here. It didn't be more threat against any of us. Yeah. And this, like the effect of this, says Onyx success. Throw yourself in the path, take the hit instead, and add a rage die to your pool.

There's also no hit. Coming towards the king, I see, um, so I feel like I want to do this. Yeah, because it narratively makes sense to me, but you need no idea what it would do. Yeah, I think I think, I guess, uh, it would have made sense for there too.

For the king to have threat dice, I could do that it potentially. This is, yeah, this might just be like. Experience with this system is as a GM. It would have made sense for me to say, here's the king. Um, and then. I am like. Going to roll threat dies against him, I think is fair.

I don't want to track a bunch of help for the enemies, or for for whatever. So, I might have, like? Npcs might have just like basic standard health, and that's what that is. Either that or we could just say that some of that is the threat that's coming towards the game.

So, it is, yeah, it? It actually is, but I think to your point, um. If an important character is In Harm's Way, I should roll threat to signal that they are facing it. So, I'm going to now do that. This is facing the king for whatever reason, maybe because he's safely tucked behind, uh, trillion.

He doesn't seem to be taking much damage this term. He also seems to be somewhat healthy. Expect the same thing as like D Language. If he took a bunch of damage. You're like, how much health does he have? I wouldn't tell you I'd say he's looking hurt. He's looking badly, hurt, um, and that would be up to you to decide how you want to respond to that.

So, in a way, it doesn't look like he's going to be hit too. Very thought process here. I, like, I have both of my cards, by the way, have to do with, like, people getting damaged, losing their head dice or being attacked. I'm looking around. I'm like, he's eliminated his threat.

Your hit dice doesn't see that concerning to be. None of these hit dice are concerning to me. Yeah, I'm not going to use any of my cars, and I think I will just make an attack against their pool. Yeah, that, yeah, you may absolutely just do a basic attack, and I will you.

I have not acted yet since I got my Boost from. You can just do basic action. Yeah, yeah. So, yeah, just narrow it into the thought process for you in terms of. I don't understand how this card will apply here. And then what we do attack, whatever, whatever you want, that's pretty much it.

So, like, I think he's gonna he wants to jump in and just wrestle one of those lines. Yeah, you, you jump in front. Make sure it wasn't late. Yeah, and there is a lion that is preparing to kick you in The Shins. Yeah, they're just straight up bipedal. They're just walking around.

Yeah, so the the role is boost the rollers boost, of course, because of the spark, uh, that he used earlier. Nothing, but three, three, probably remove two of those Dice and then reduce one by one also. Again, the thing that this makes me think is okay for my rage.

I asked if I fail a check. Am I making a check? And like, no, no, can't I necessarily fail it? Like, because anything that I do against these will, uh, what is, in fact, that is. So, what is failure as it corresponds to my rage? That's a good point.

So, we need a provision on. And, thankfully, this is specific to, uh, Barbarian rage, because that that language doesn't matter for anyone else. Yeah, um, it would feel fair for. That's such a specific line. That would have to be jammed into the card's text. It would feel fair for attacks like this, which can be they could be in role play as well.

For dice, that failed to meet a threshold like that for you to. I would apply this and this, yeah. For you to classify them as failures. Do you? I mean, if anything, you could just have a failure. A check, it is, yeah, yeah. If you create, they explode. It's same thing as any other check.

Most things in the game are a check intentionally, so the question is his card? Rage specifically cares about failure and with traditional skill checks. That's pretty clear, I say. Whether you succeed or fail, this is, like, uh, some 16, something I'm just gonna make this a global rule for now, and we'll run it and see how it feels.

Dice that do not meet the threshold for knocking out. One of these would be considered failures, apply them anyways, and then put those dice on your rage. Seems reasonable to me, yeah. So not, not an entirely strong attack as you as you walk in, and you get one slug into the chest of one of these lions, and instead, I think he wanted to grab the leg.

Yeah, slam it on the ground. Yeah, instead, he's just kind of like scrabbling at it and pulling it down. But it's not very, not the most effective, awesome. So look at your squirming and moving everywhere. You're going, just rolling. Uh, so this is really good test. Thank you folks for leaning in and let me do this.

So immediately, the lions, the two lions that remain, uh, you see. Oh, I'm so sorry, no, go. Well. I've been waiting for this moment. I've got a trip up my sleeve. You've been planning for this exact moment with lions tear through the tent, so actually don't show this to the players.

This is mostly flavor, um, you now get to say. Uh, pull the three cards in your hand. This is the Rogue's unique Ace of the sleeve ability. Choose the one that you want, and then you get to make that attraction. And here's the cool thing, it's free, so you actually still have a basic action.

That's what makes it powerful. All right, this is a free reaction. Um, yeah, oh. You get to use an action, so he basically gets a kind of like a mini action surge because one of them was money prepared. Tell me about what were you planning for this exact moment?

I was planning to make a cheap shot. Okay, so tell me how you knew this would happen and what you planned, and you're executing on, right? Yeah, so I was, I was intuitively looking around, and uh, seeing a situation with the cane. Yeah, there seems to have been some ruffling that was occurring in the back of the and the background on the the circus ring behind the, uh, outside of the tent, and so in being prepared.

This is where the mysterious stranger came in, came up. Did his thing? Little did anybody know that he kept a bow just hitting away so that nobody would be able to see he grabs the bow get, um, hops onto the. Uh, the bar performs a trick and fires an arrow at to one of the lines right out of Robin Hood, uh, I do love it.

So, uh, you will make your standard action or a check here. I assume you're attacking. You're not defective. I am attacking. I will reiterate even if you clear this, you're still taking the incoming damage, uh, but then you won't have another round combat will be a an instant wipe.

Okay, all right, all right, all right. One, two, pick out, yep. So, go ahead and apply your dice to the to the objective. Okay, so I will be booming out that one. This one will just reduce this. Yep. So go ahead, go ahead, and do all that for me.

Great! Thank you very much. I really like the reduction thing. It makes every dice still, because, yep, and. On that, um? Hey Target from, uh, they are rattled. Yeah, cheap shot says that they are rattled. Yep, uh, that's just basically on a success. Yep, yeah, so this, we're back to the does that count as a success because it was being used as an offensive ability that's interesting?

And, um, I guess I can do a normal action, and I will read the mark, so I don't perform a, uh, perception, check, and honest success. I get asked questions. Yep, um, why don't you roll, uh, D6, rattle for me? Oh, okay, yeah. Turn. Turns his head up and then shakes it off, um, and succeeds in its rattle check, so I'll return this to you.

Does that make it feel like. Now, the rattle was pointless. I can imagine why, who would feel that way? Hm, I mean, now, as of right now, it had no effect that rattled it. It makes I agree, psychologically, that it would feel less like it was meaningless. If I waited until the moment they all attack, and then I resolved all those at once that way, but then I have to remember what those are and who they were directed at, and I don't want to look more dice in front of you, so I don't know how to resolve that.

I'll think about it. Just throwing it out. Yeah, these keywords like rattled and exposed or the least exciting thing for me to test today, but I threw it into the last second. We'll talk about it later. Cool. Okay, well, I got a one. You did get a one, which I'm gonna ask, oh, but you are actually.

I'm gonna use the half length, so that is a reaction card, so he's able to use it here. Um, so what do I do so I am. I have to do a luck check. I'm going to change that. You just get to re-roll it. Okay, um, because it, it's so much admin for such a small effect.

Hey all, right? Well, I didn't. I didn't get a toll so, uh, which I haven't gotten to use yet. I have three. I can now just reduce them both by one. Yep, or yeah, yeah, yo. Go ahead, then say, I was gonna say, could you reduce the four to three with your two and then knock it out with your three.

Oh yeah, I could do that. That is how you would play the game. You can just eliminate. Yep, use eliminate. I will take operations. Yeah, order of operations, all right, uh? So, essentially, all these cards that I had they all go into. Yes, yeah, as soon as you're done, you just Shuffle all of your Ace cards in your palette, and that's your once percession ability.

As you knew in advance, you need to pull out a bow and have it ready in case something happened down there in the ring. So your round of combat is over. This the remainder of the objective that is left, which you really you did. You did go quite hard.

I mean, I mean bubbles bubbles popped up. Yeah. So now all of you immediately take all of the incoming threat damage facing you. The king takes three damage as the doer bathing Lions start clawing and punching and kicking shins. As all of you take damage to First your resolve?

And by the way always, always, always apply it as optimally as possible. Like, they obviously, you're going. You want to Target your own dice the same way you would the enemies dice if they can knock out one of your dice. They will, especially using the same trick that Ben just mentioned, uh otherwise.

Uh, the round is over, and we would, at the start of the next round of combat, we would roll the threat again. But because you've reduced the Lions here, your threat is only one. So, roll one D6 and put it in front of you now. You're always taking this damage.

That's how I've designed it also one. Yeah, these are not. Oh, what these are threat checks. Yeah, yeah, I Define these as checks ones get pulled from the board as and sixes explode. I got four great. Well, wish you take your twos away. Because they resolved. Oh, they resolved.

Okay, yeah, yeah, if you got if you resolved to your, did you? Did you do damage? Okay, yeah, I did. Yeah, this was a five. This was a three, so two, two, no, they would only knock it down by one. They only knock it down by one. Yeah, so when the die is too small, oh, all it does, is it produces oh, apply the number.

Yeah, so basically, uh, thankfully, I only had one threat dice, so it just took out my door, and this one is. So basically like that. Nope, I'm I'm okay this this round. Yeah, uh, you'll do very well. I, I'm not even worried about the balancing of the numbers. I can figure that out later.

What matters is how it feels. So, where I can tell them this way, so the as the Lions like claw and scrape. It seems like all of you are in pretty good spirits, and we'll move into the next round. You all rolled the threat. Some of you have zero threat in coming if I wanted.

I could take a, B to say. Why do you feel like you're threatened, but this is clearly cleanup time, and so in any order. Y'all can take your actions, um, presumably defense is more important here, seeing that you only need to get one rid of one die, so I will open it up to you.

The the king took that damage, too. Yeah, he took three damage. You see that as you're tussling with you. Put both of you are kind of wrestling one of the lions as it is close to the king. It dashes past you and steps on the leg of the king, who like winces in pain, but seems otherwise others as a reaction because.

Of the week. Yeah, take one of the take the one. Yep, for him, it says, whatever, I would be hit. I perform an Athletics check, so I do have to make a check. Yep, and then odd success. Then I take the hit instead. And I want to use it just because I want to collection.

Yeah, and you might be able to, right? And you, do I do? That is a crit, and you miss interesting. So, so the lion comes in steps on the leg of the king, who goes? Ah, my leg, what do you do next? Um, yeah, and then I am just hurtling in with a wrestling spear from the side from downtown, um.

And so do you take the hit foreign? Yeah, so I, so I was gonna say I would take the one because I can. I can take that easily to my health, and then, um, I take the hit instead. And then I add a range dye to my pool. Heck, yeah.

Now I get to stack up my rage, and then, because I crit. So I think I, I, he gets the counter attack to like, pull the lie off, and now I get to come, cuz this actually matters because this was the previous round, meaning it could be over here.

Uh, which it is, it is, yeah, you got it. That's another crib. Yeah, totally just dumping this. Hey, jeez, dang. That overkill, that's intense. Um, yeah, I think cork again Spears into, like this. Adorable and large old man just pushes off with his feet from the ground. Yeah, he fully tackles this lion, and I think it just like tackles it off of the king, it just like beats its head into the ground immediately.

The final, oh, man don't hurt the king. So, the final line on his last legs as he's tumbling backwards and you finish the job and eliminates the last line, the first of, which ran away. The second two have died or have been neutralized in this Arena, and everything comes to a standstill.

The king only took two damage, notably, but he's only just a little bit scraped, and he stands up and trillion. You see, as he as he, like, takes your hand. I, I assume you're helping him. Yeah, yeah. So, he'll he'll, take your hand and stand up and immediately as helpful as they should have been.

The guards start rushing in from the outside, and one of them looks at you and says, you stay away from him. Don't you touch him? Excuse me, do I need to start juggling you? The restaurant. I don't really have a stock, gosh. No, no, no, we, we don't. We don't.

We don't need this, but the the king has been. The king has been badly hurt as a result of your circus as a result of your negligence as a result of your liealty gestures to the one that's dead on the ground in front of the king. He took care of our problems.

Um, can I drop my disguise and be? And be owned again. I'm just gonna nonchalant just yeah, so this is you just you just I just I just. I hide somewhere take off to this guy's kit, and I just come back and I go. Hey, what did I miss?

Well, no, literally, no what? No one that doesn't know about this disguise of yours, which does it? Who else here knows about this? I think it's just me. Okay, so, so only cork knows. Nobody else knew where you were this entire time. Yeah, like, Odin, where were you? Um, I was trying to take care of the people if they make sure that, oh, we were on evacuations, oh my God!

So, despite the guards protestations, the the king actually will stand up, and he he, like, detaches the feelings. Did I think got me in this situation? Yeah, okay, yeah. So the guard was trying to like, stop you getting your way, and he says. That's enough. That'll be fine, no.

I should say the contrary. I saw those lines up close and they had a mad fever in their eyes. This wasn't a normal line. Yeah, they got my protein powder even more than that, I think. They look Stark. We don't keep them starved. They actually looked very well fed from my perspective, but these weren't your Lions, at least not after whatever happened to them, and I should thank you for saving my life.

I, I will say, I don't care. There is a lion running around that ran. Somebody ran back back. No, literally. Yes, that is what you, you look outside, and you see that, where, where the lion tamer would normally be, he's sitting there, and you see, as the line goes in, curls up in a ball, and then he just like shuts the gate and then locks it, and that dude, the, the line's like panting while asking for milk in a bowl that's been poured in front of it.

Oh yeah, okay, I was still red eyes. There is a lion running around, and I am worried, okay. This line starts batting a ball that's in front of it, and then he realizes that that looks very close to juggling something, and that it gets scared of itself. And then it curls up and cries.

Poor thing. Yeah, it was, it was pretty scared. So, at this point, the the king is going to look at all of you and say. Well. To some extent, I need to somehow tie what you just went through into the fact that my daughter's haunted the Tower across town.

We're strong Heroes. Those turns out those lions, his daughter, those lions were possessed by something a spirit. Uh, Court Mage. You see, a court mage Rock said. He removes his disguised kits. Turns out, he was, like, one of the soldiers, uh, he, he waves his hand over the deadline, Frankie says.

I've seen this incantation before. This, this Spirits. Here they were possessed by none other than the Eldritch monstrosity that. Has currently possessed the tower in which his dear daughter is kept. Was it Dave? Yes, Dave. The Eldridge Obama did your spirit. In fact, my protein powder. I'm sorry to say that the Eldritch spirits of the Tower Manor Beyond are relentlessly.

They're protein deficients and relentlessly in search of new means. If it, what if it weren't for that, whey protein in your Supply? It's possible that they would have actually slain innocent bystanders here at the surface at the circus. Curse that Dave Putin is the rest of my protein. Okay, can I use it?

The court Mage looks to you in the eye and says. Look, I can do my best to try to reclaim or reconstitute the whey protein as you've once saw it. But right now, there isn't much time. So, what happens? I've already taken a mouth of the protein powder. But oh, you haven't.

That's right. Gentlemen, gentlemen. Gentlemen, my daughter is missing, you must help me. Absolutely. Are the spirits the Mage continues? The the spirits are vacant from the tower at this point because they came here to possess these Lions for search of nutrients, like your protein powder. Now's your only chance to get into the tower and to avoid the monstrosities therein.

But be careful, your mind's May play tricks on you as you climb the steps. The last thing that we heard from one of our court reporters was that the last night Brigade to attack the tower saw all of their members turn into little bitty babies they're trying to do with their little baby babies, and now they are stuck in the tower, so it's up to you.

Do we need to rescue the babies as well? We must be very. Let me be clear, you should rescue my baby first. Yeah, if you have extra hands, yes, I'd appreciate you bringing back the Knights of the round tableter might make a pretty good distraction when we approach the tower.

That is a very good observation I will. Could anyone purchase help me in? Casting and a spell to produce more natural protein in the form of a powder I nudge trillion. And he, you look at you, you nudge him. And then you look at him and there's like bags under his eyes.

He, he looks, spent yes, you, uh, you can, yeah. I got my degree in, uh, what is? In powderology, I got my degree in nutrition. I can make. Protein powder you are claiming this was your history learned. I, I will roll luck to see if this is true. Going to reach so deep to add this.

We'll find out that is a nine. Unfortunately, you can. You can only describe what protein does for the human body. It's uh, not gonna help you here, but. As a learning man, I will still allow you to help. I mean, you're aiding right, um, I can't even age. I'll take it.

So, the Mage is now going to roll with a bonus here. And what's that? Yeah, yeah, so you're aiding someone else. Yeah, yeah, sorry, I didn't realize so. The mate, if you were the one doing it, arguably I was doing it. That's what I was trying to, oh, if the luck was high enough, I would have allowed that.

But, uh, you did not. You studied, uh, you know, you know, the nutrition of it? You don't know how to cast it into being. Okem and all that so? I guess the okem class didn't. Yeah, now I'll say this is pretty good. The Mage roles and is able to produce a very small vial of protein, he says.

Okay, this powder can be weaponized to cast it at Great distances, but you'll you'll need a mechanism capable of propelling it great distances or. You could smear it all over your bodies and run really fast, and that might also destroy vote for the one. I won't tell you what or you should or should not do.

He hands a vial, two bubbles. Thank you all right. Well, time is of the essence. And since time is of the essence, Our Heroes will Journey through a swamp and a bog, and then they will move into the tower now, uh, mostly for fun. I want to see how this feels, um, as you're traveling.

We're going to hand wave that and say that the the world acts upon you. I want you to now roll a resolve check for the travel phase, um, no cards. This is just travel, so a resolve check, like everything else, is rolling your 2d6 if they explode. They do if they do not, they don't.

Oh, you get one toll, but always the one count whenever it explodes. Does that go away? Yes, okay, yeah, I did that too. How much toll do I get? I think I got. I think you got three. Yeah, I got. I also, okay, great. Thanks for the toll. Cool.

So put the resolve in front of you. We paid the toll, right? We pay the toll. No, you're about to pay the toll. So, as you were traveling through the bog of the swamps, you hear Whispers in the trees begin to drive you mad. At this point, I am now going to directly spend these dice against all of you.

Are we getting a new scene yet? I, I am not declaring the start of new scene. The GM always will, um, this is intended to be quite quick. Um, so we're gonna see how this plays out. So, um, as The Whispers assault your ears, I'm going to roll this, and it will immediately attack the, uh.

Uh goodness, the resolve of all of you. So, take a look and apply them. Here are Whispers, and depending on how effective it is, we'll see if there's any there, how narration there is all right. Get get hit by a five and a four, please. Remove a dice first.

Their goal is to remove the maximum number of dice possible. Yeah, and then do everything else. So, if there was an option to do like a little combo move, they're gonna do that blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, great. Um, so? Uh, I want. So, all of you are looking okay.

Um, this could be an opportunity for me to ask one of you to narrate The Whispers of the maddening blog and what they say to you, but mostly for time, uh, unless you've got something in bubbles. It was useless. You, you hear a bird on the tree? You wouldn't even remember how to make protein now.

You should have gone into biomedical studies quack. And it gets to you a little bit now, the The Whispers. As I spend the two tolls and place them here. My Whispers are just Joe. No, um, I have his real name written, oh good, oh, not Joe trillion. Wait, you have a real name on the back of your TV bubbles is my actual name.

I'll tell you dude, his name is cork. I, I, cork, is his name. Yeah, awesome. He's been a card number for, oh, for hundreds of years. I'm just saying Joe Crackley is not a good show name. Now, I think you're the only person who knows what his name is.

Actually, how do you know what bubble's name is, even though his father's diploma he just plastered nice bubbles? Um, so I'm now realizing that what I could have done is turned the travel sequence into a scene I was trying to make it really quick and transitory. Uh, so I will.

I will not start a new scene yet. This is just another threat as you're wading through, the ball will spin two more toll. Um, you see that the the the bugs start getting up to your neck as they are swarming you relentlessly. You're about to be attacked by giant.

Horse flies if they start biting away on your way to the toll, uh, to the tower. Here's the toll. A two and a three get hit. Looks like all of you are taking it pretty well. Yeah, I'm actually really good. I reduced by two. Okay, and so, yeah, you make it to the Tower in one piece.

I want you to clear your resolve and start a new scene. Please, okay, as? So something that was driving me mad was that this song kept on playing. Just whispering in the background. Oh. Hey, hey, hey. Oh yeah, so we're rolling resolve again, right? No, no, no, no, only row was all when I cue it.

Hello, hey, hello, hello, oh, I have some notes one. There are three dogs outside. They're all dirty. Don't let them in. Got it. The one in the dogs, two controlling, and I use that. Yes, yeah, yeah, yep, it is all you great. And then, thirdly, we're probably gonna leave again.

Okay, oh, no. So you find yourselves at the mystical Tower you see that at the top of it, there is in deep purple Insignia. The crest that you know to be the Kings, and more specifically, those are the king's courts that were originally his arch Mages. This used to be an outpost of theirs, but long abandoned ever since.

Well, the malevolent spirits of this Tower infected it with corruption. You see what looked like the footprints of lion treadmarks on the outside of the tower running in the direction of the Carnival Festival you just came from, but? As you enter the tower, you see an extremely long flight of stairs, like from the outside.

The tower is supposed to be only three stories tall, but as soon as you're inside, it feels like a never-ending staircase. What do you do so? Um, I have my flaw in my hands. Okay, um. And so, I'm gonna take this opportunity since we were just waiting through blog.

It sticks to you, the extension, the sludge react visibly. Um, so I'm going to basically you get to make a free move. Um, is what it says, but I just have to narrate protecting my image. Um, and so, by the way, I think your Ace is only once per like session.

Yeah, oh, perception. Okay, so you used it. Okay, no worries. No worries. I missed that. No, you're good, um, but, uh, yeah. He's basically going to, um, at the very least, be complaining for the entirety of the going through the bog, uh, through the insects. He's going to be constantly talking about, like, I can't believe this.

This is slime all over me, and this bug is good. Oh, I just can't stand this. Why are we doing this? Why are we even here and? Is the king, the king's obviously, now with us, right? It's just a yeah. The king is, like, go say, my daughter. It's just one four of us.

Yeah, and it's like, this is soup beneath me. I can't believe it. I just, this is awful. Why are we even here? This is not where the trouble is. Oh, I'm gonna say, uh. I'm gonna I'm gonna take my move, uh, for your flaw, and I'm gonna buff it.

And say, one of the remainder three of you really wants him to shut up. Who is it? I want you. I want you. To make a, d, a single D6 attack, check against your your ally cool. You sock him for three damage immediately. Oh whoa, can I verbally do it?

He's still gonna take damage, but yes, this is why I have it in my parents team. Wow, wow, wow, I, I, I think I, our our, our characters, a thing, we're that's what I am, yeah. So that hurts, and I mean hurts. I need you to take that damage.

Yeah, I, I think it's value worth it to, like, have it reduce the two and not one cool. I think that's the first time one of you has lost a hit die, which is hilarious, um. Tower, and it stretches the staircase, stretches infinitely before you, and at the top, you hear the cries of a 10 year old girl, saying hello, is, is anyone down there, please?

It's so cold, and there's all these crying babies. Go ahead, my man. Courtney would like to have, or did you say, Corky, Corky? My brain always wants to say, quirky, oh, Corky. Like, you know it, just I, but I didn't want to make it because it's a lead character, but also it just.

It comes off the top more than got it. Of, but it says performing Athletics check. I'll just says close any distance. And then strike before anyone could react. But, like, I think, any of those, you're just gonna, you're just gonna like outrun the stair guys! He's gonna race up the stairs, so that's money for a reason.

That's very funny for a reason that you don't understand yet, but I will absolutely allow this. You're just going to Sprint it, just like guns, the stairs sprinting up the stairs. Yeah, yeah, all right, I will. I will set. This is a situation where I'll set the DC. Um, this is your.

This is. Without spoiling too much. This is kind of an illusory magic, um, in order for you to outrun an illusion. I need you to roll a 12 on this, which is very high in Instinct RPG. So, at this point, I cannot do anything to boost myself. You can age yourself if it is relevant.

I would like to Aid myself with vigilant, okay. In what way? Yeah, because also, first of all, I think that he is reacted so fast, like he hears the yells, you hear her. That's what you're? Yeah, those things are going on. You hear the the just the the Drone of baby crying down the staircase and you're locked in on that.

Yeah, I would also like to Aid, but with my warlock card feed the fire, oh, that's it. I think the the flavor text is just more, always more and like the effect is just a protea powder. Yeah, but like, the effect is just more of a eye increase of previous spell cast, but I also feel like it makes sense for the feed.

The fire too. Improve something that is that that you're frankly is abnormal. Slash super human that you're doing. Yeah, like, I feel like more specifically, you're doing something unbelievably super human right now. Yeah, and so I feel like I gotta see it happen. Like, like, I'm I, I feel like what I'm doing in terms of help is, I'm just like just giving you another magical.

Boost, right? As you're like, I can see, why not? Why not put a Tailwind behind him? That's what you do, right? I'm going to, like, whoosh, and it's going to like increase, just spank him on the butt as he's going. So, uh, I will say, uh, peel back the screen a little bit.

GM guidance will be in general, be overwhelmingly generous to players who come up with interesting ways to use their Aid cards. Only do it if they half bake it and seem to not care, but they're just power gaming. Like, if they, if they say even anything vaguely relevant give it to them.

So, yes, you may discard that card and also Aid as you now have 46 to work with, you need 12. And remember one's myth. I heard that high number, and I was like, I'm helping. Yeah, yeah, that's one of the reasons I set the DC in advance, um, 46, feels pretty good.

Yep, yeah, all right. Good odds. Oh, almost done twice. I think you're gonna get there you're already there. You're already. You're literally already there. Heck, yeah, that's one more toll for you. But that is a 20, 20, yeah, yeah, so I, I you're like, Aang, that for that one frog?

Yeah, I was thinking, just the flash, but you in the moment. Here you see him wrestling, uh, like resting his muscles down in a sprinter's pose at the base of the staircase, and you and both of you tell me what happens next. Um, I think that I think he's actually on all fours.

If you've seen those like weird Fitness influencers who are like, I'd like to run like a wolf on all Christmas, the way nature is all for us. It was like a sprinting post like, I think he's bleach Flex, and he's just like, oh, I feel like, also, I think maybe also like, either he noticed or he didn't, but he's like about to use wind magic to get all of the mud off of himself, cuz we're really getting out.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, so, but he was like a hat just happened to be behind him at the same time, and he's like going to do like a huge gust of wind to get all of the mud off of him. Yeah, but also unintentionally increases his speed. There's like, for the rest of you, just your hair and clothes blow back as he dashed up the staircase and what you're going to see in real time, uh Korg is the stairs underneath you.

They escalate de-escalate in place. They're trying to like, walk, like, wrap you downwards. You literally outrun the stairs. You touch the top and the moment you do. The spell is dissipated immediately. There's essentially like a a trap switch, uh, uh, what's it called pressure plate at the top and the moment your foot steps on it?

It just, and it sets the staircase back to its original state before this spell was cast on it. The remainder of the three of you could actually walk up with no problem. Okay, so some stuff because I realized it did crit twice effects. And actually, technically, it says that I strike before anyone can react.

Okay, so as I close a distance, so that's a strike. Yeah, something yeah. And now, and allies getting boost against to Target Target is rattled. So, I'm like, did I? Is there anything there at Target? Uh, there is no Target. You can strike in your old girl. Can I just like smash the door open?

You're not at the door, yet you, you see, you're in a long, uh, like flat hallway outstretch, which for the geometry of this very small circular Tower makes no sense, um. And instead of a door or a girl to strike you instead, see a bunch of, like, miscellaneous, uh.

Decorative armors, plates, and statues and busts of the King. On the other side, you may strike or rattle any of those if you wish. I mean, I would love to give other people boost, but I guess there's nothing to boost to again, so you know what he's he's riding with that Arbor.

He's, like, okay, literally, literally rattling here. I'll oh, here's your rattle against the armor. All right, we'll see if it acts. Hey, maybe it's Enchanted armor will attack you, uh, so immediately, you, you hear this, rattling immediately up the staircase where you can't see them. Maybe cork is in trouble right now?

Yeah, you do. It's, it's three flights of stairs.

Yeah, Dan's pointing to do is help dice, which are not very good right now, so you don't have to get you some of that protein powder. Oh, to sum it up a workout routine, I'm gonna use Shadow step. Okay, yeah, uh, I'm gonna go ahead and roll real fast.

What am I? Unless you epically fail, you're gonna make it because there's nothing stopping me, right? You're basically just going upstairs. That's cool. I gotta I got a five out of four. Okay, go on the stairs you do. Yeah, I just I just want. I'll up these three flights of stairs.

I just up here suddenly next to oh trillion, and I know. Are you? Are you all right? Dude, I've got water here here. Yeah, who drops the canteen eat it? I am not fit. I was expecting well and fit is very funny. Um, anyways, I am going to now that I say that there's no threats.

Yeah, I'm going to play my perceptive card. I want to look around. I want to look for the princess. I'm actively looking for where she is. I'll be going out for her. I'll be saying, like, hey, this sense, are you here your eyes peer down the hallway, and you notice that at the end of the haul.

There is a singular opening with an arched door frame and through it immediately to your eyes. You're noticing. Gleams of of, like, uh, vibrant teal, Arcane energy that are ricocheting through the room like a pinball machine. Okay, this card, it gives me Boost two on that perceptive action that I'm thinking.

So, do I still need to roll for that, or you just no, uh, I want you to go ahead and make the the action anyways, because it may reveal something additional sounds really strong. So, you're I'm gonna say you're about 80 feet down the hallway from where this is taking place at The Landing with that, uh Court, just introduced.

All right, that is really good. I spilled it once. Actually, no ones for each crit. The results is one tier more perceptive than I expected. Yep. Zoom, enhance zoom, enhance all right, so I have a total of. Uh. 20. That's yeah. That's 20, 20. So, here's how I'm adjudicating these kinds of roles here.

So, the DC was just whether or not you succeeded on whatever it is that you were trying to look at. Now, really, what I should have asked, was, what are you looking for? Yeah, and I think what you were just looking for is, like, what's ahead? I'm looking for what's ahead.

I'm looking for the princess and maybe the location of all the babies. Sure, so, um, here's what. Here's what I'll give you with with your 20 of which is, which is way stronger than a 20 in d, d, uh, 5e, so you you end up? Seeing everything. I just described this Ricocheting teal magic energy through just the singular glass window slat, so that's at the end of the hall, and then you hear well.

It looks like the rhythmic chance of babies crying in unison. It's like. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I know it is in sync with the, um, Ricocheting of the magic in front of you. It's, like, like some magic energies bouncing between them and causing, or is caused by this magical effect.

Now, the crit says, you get one tier, uh. More. What was the word perceptive, um, one tier more perceptive than you expected? Yeah, so the way I'm using it, this is how all Instinct cards work, so that would have been just success. I would have told you what my notes said were success, but one tier is like, I give you an additional piece of information, which actually, now that I'm walking it back was what I just mentioned about the rhythm of this, this magic that's bouncing through y'all are 80 feet out from the door.

What do you do next? Um. Let's see if I can. I might call my Patron. Ooh, a patron! The Patriot. All right, I'm a, I'm a speed dial over on. Um, yeah, so I think. Um, that trillion is just going to. He's going to recite, and uh, obnoxiously, long.

Um. Like, poem like, he's, you know what he is reciting? Puck's monologue at the end of yeah? Um, if these Visions have offended that that whole thing? Yep. Um, and so he is going to summon Oberon. Um, into his into the presence, basically to see if he can't help us out with this.

Whatever song you're going in? Now, Oberon is going to approach, but I want you to tell me what you're trying to do by invoking your Patron. You can basically warp the scene using one of these words. Um, I mean, I think the way it works is that I roll it D6 and I have to use the one that it says no.

That is only the downside when it comes later. Oh, so when I do it for the first time, I get to pick. Yep. And when it comes later, it's random, and it's my dedication. Okay. So all you know so far is you're about 80 feet off from this door behind it.

There's this magical energy baby's crying, and that is where you heard the girl's voice. Cork did at least yeah, when he was running up the stairs. Okay, so I'm going to choose I. Um, charm, because I think that I would like to charm those babies to sleep. Okay, because I, I, I believe that I perceive that the babies are causing this spell to happen.

And so then. Oberon appears. Hey there! Trillion, I'm sorry. We gotta steep stop meeting and such a character. Yep, he calls me, Joe. Oh, he calls you. Okay, yeah. It's very Warlock Patron. He's here, he goes. All right, Joe, what is it now and then? He looks around and notices.

There are other people in the hallway with you. No, sorry. We already knew his name was Jill. Oh, see, he doesn't mind. Ah, but it's like, for, for cork and Odin. This is your first time hearing your bosses. No pork, new a cork already knew, okay? But you're like, what?

Your name is Joe. That's the name he signed on my contract, at least. So if it's not, it's not. Then, we have a reckoning to deal with here. Oh great, all right. So Chrome sweet for this whole time. Why did nobody tell me this? Maybe you worked his way up, but like 30 years ago?

I, I would say he's in his 40s. Okay, yeah, Oberon's hands are ready to like monologue, and he waits for you to settle your argument. It seems visibly annoyed. Bubbles is saluting. Yeah, how about Joe? Whatever he starts waving his arms around and says, I'm narrating like this for the podcast, um?

He goes. Right. So if we're going to put on a show? You want me to? I'm sorry, your audience is a bunch of babies in the other room over there. He starts hovering above the ground. It's just to look through the window, they appear to be, um, activating somehow with their crying some enchantment over this.

Oh, I, I'm aware of songs that beget enchantments, that is, my specialty starts clicking his heels together, um. So, um, I was hoping that maybe we could charm them to sleep so that the spell might be? Uh, broken. If it's a good enough show, then I will do whatever it is that you ask my leisure.

So, let's give it a show now. Um, you're going to invoke your Patron. Let's roll on behalf of Oberon to see how successful he is. Can I eat him using my patrons favorite card? I don't see. I don't think why not. I don't even know if I need to explain.

So, so, um, because using your Patron card is actually quite powerful. Um, I actually, I now that I think about it as a GM. I don't have to roll here. It's probably better if I just allow it. That's why would we roll well? So it is, it is the degree to which it is successful here, but for something as unique as the invoking Patron, I think I am just gonna let it succeed, and we'll see how that.

We'll see what it does to the story because it doesn't matter if I had an encounter prepared, um, so immediately. Oberon says, what kind of song do you think would put this the baby's sleep? Did their parents tell you anything? Anything at all, um, you so look like, you deal with entertaining children's parties.

Um. These may or may not be transformed cars or malevolent Spirits, so probably, I think I'm lullaby and fiendish. Oh yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. Right, the baby curse, of course, all right? Well, if I'm going to do anything about this, I should use music that appeals to their inner selves.

They're adults so. Maybe Lo-Fi beats to do taxes too? What say you that would put me to sleep? Well, that would be the goal, then lullabies, to slay monsters to. Ah, slaying monsters, not really my cup of tea. When I was young, they just gave a little spoonful of London.

Wow! I do some pretty messed up things. That's really messed up. I. Couldn't matter. This is an actual old timey medicine. Yep, yeah. Well, let me go ahead and give him my best shots, and he stands at the door and says attention children.

And you here, as all of the babies. Crying rhythmically Fades away. As does the Arcane magic bouncing between them, you're still not. On the other side of the door, you're still on the outside. Listening to this happen. And then you hear. Her voice, say. Hello, is there someone there?

Please. It's so creepy in here. I really don't like being surrounded by babies. I'm going to follow the voice. What are the babies all asleep? To your immediate perception. It seems that they are, no problem, he's asking, oh, oh, oh, she says. Uh, yeah, yeah. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, yeah, yeah, they're.

They're all asleep, so it's less creepy. Now, all of the nights in the round table. No, I, I, I would say that it's about equally creepy because they, they, when they sleep, they do. They, like, have bicycle kicks that are in unison. Anyways, can we get into this? Please get me out of here.

Get into the room now, so immediately. The door is quite heavy, like it's a hefty Arch door, and it is locked. Wait, you said it wasn't the door because I was specifically like, can we target the door you were at the you were you were? Uh, oh yeah, yeah.

Stairway and Dallas Super Lawn Corridor. Okay, okay. Doorway in front of you, um, doesn't seem to be burning. I, I think I, I mean, oh gosh, darn it. If all here we were in the last scene, I could have picked this lock. Darling, yeah, so what that? What that represents is, like your character lost the lock pick or simply isn't thinking of it right now.

I I, I've thought about how this was, okay, so bring the the lockpick with them on the adventure. Yeah, they left it downstairs, right? So you left it in the tent, um? So, it's gotten this. I think that would be a common common sense. Maybe I brought other things somewhere.

Well, I, I mean, I don't have any cards. That's just. I think I, I definitely have some cards in here that apply to it. I don't have any ideas, picking, and Bubbles will just hit the door? Yep, go ahead and give me, uh. We'll, we'll make it an attack.

Check here. Whether I say Athletics or strength is really just an attack, huh? Oh, oops, immediately you. Boom! Punch the door in. It reverberates through the building, and as I spend. Told immediately. The girl's voice notice, I says. Who is that? The babies are starting to wake up again.

Yeah, healthy and slowly. Babies start crying. And you're still on the other side of the door. And she says. Um. I don't know why, but there these two babies that woke up their eyes are glowing red, and they look really muscular. All of a sudden. Okay, um officer, I dropped shifted.

Um, okay, you know, I'm just gonna try to make a lot pick attempt, even though I don't have the device. Um, for you to do it without a kit would be possible but very difficult. I'll do sleight of hand, we'll do 14. Okay. Ah, that's impossible because I can only.

No, you can crap. Might as well try it. So before he rolls, if there is any Aid, it could help here. But, uh, right now, right now. Your your Rogue is just trying to nothing is relevant to this door. Problems that we have? Sorry, I didn't let you strike the door immediately.

Yes, you're pecking the the door. Uh, with I just like spare twine and steel that was in your kit. It breaks and gets stuck jammed inside the door frame, the shattering noise you hear, the girl say. I don't know what that was, but you woke up another two babies, and now they're getting really angry.

I really, really, would have liked if I had my black picking kit. I don't know if this is relevant, but I've been noticing your your sticky fingers allows you to retain one item card. Oh, okay, I, um, let's take the Miss right now, um, and then and then. Now, we'll just say that you had it so by Design because you have three item cards, right, right?

Your character can keep in your active area. One item card at a time. Oh, okay. And then, as a core ability, if you discard an item code, you can draw, uh, instead. So, it's like, if you recycle your items, so point is yes. Go ahead and reach through your deck and grab the item card of your choice, presumably a lock.

Pick okay, but yes, um, one to three. It's the disc. Oh, you're doing random, I'm sorry. Oh, a lot of it. There's three of them one, two, three, four, five, six, yeah, three, or one, two, three, four, five, six. One two is the disguise kit, three, four, is the, uh.

Yeah, I did. Was that what we're I thought at the end? Yeah, that's why I said three. No, when we finish this season, then you have to. I don't know. That's I don't know. I mean, I mean, the cards that you played in the last season. Yeah, I thought you brought them back into the desk.

Oh, oh, I'm sorry, I thought you were talking about this Ace ability. Yeah, no, no, no, they go on your discard file. Yeah, so I'm saying that your disguised kit should be in your discard pile? Yeah, because you already used it so that you're only going to. I didn't.

I did not know that. Yeah, don't worry about it. This is all I'm making it up as we go and number two. The reason for that is mainly so that you never see a cardigan, so you've gone through your whole deck. Okay, so like, it's essentially, it's forcing you into a variety of situations.

Gotcha, okay, but I'm calling out here again to say that, technically, your discount kit should be in there. So, really, you have a higher chance of getting all right. So then we can just do you want to do a 50, 50, yeah? So what, uh, um, one to three is gonna be the, uh, smoke.

Bob, yeah. And this is just whether you remembered to bring it on this trip, which is pretty funny. Yeah, one to three small bomb, four to six is three because you want a high number here. It's a two. You have a smoke bomb, uh, which you keep in your your active area.

I was like until you. Come on, boys! This is how we do it, and I'm gonna aim myself using Chuck, so I just want to grab one of those armor pieces off the wall and just smash it through the door. So, this is one of the cards that actually took a little bit of time to actually design.

This opposed to the design philosophy I want for a lot of the ability cards later, but uh, go ahead and read it out and then get your dice ready to go. Uh, choose a Target performing Athletics. Check on success applies as far as the latter shows. Each crit moves it one step higher, so actually, maybe I'm just chucking the door.

Well, that's definitely a two-handed item. If you're gonna go with that object, yeah, but I mean, if it's gonna move? Um, that they would no longer be functioning as a door interesting, and you're not. Oh, okay, a biotech was to Aiden myself. Oh, okay, the text on the card.

Like, maybe, like I assumed I could have chucked the door, but I agree, you can. You can throw something at the door. Yes, that was my. My time was to say, oh, picking up one of these, like suits of armor? Yeah, that you described and just full sale, throwing it right at the door?

Heck, yeah. So we're ignoring distance for the most part, but if you roll well enough, then it will probably destroy the door. We don't know. Goodbye. You see, as cork picks up one of his suits of armor, just chucks it. Oh, no, I didn't hurt, though. All right, good luck!

Hey there, you go! 13 13. Okay, so immediately you see the stood of armor, whoop! It shatters on impact. The armor falls into pieces, but this heavy oak wooden door warps as it bends inward on itself. The top, just small enough for a small person to slip through, but otherwise stays in place.

You have merely damaged it to where, with a little bit more Force, it might open up. Is this failure? Hey Nathan, quick question. Since I didn't, uh, I, I basically put all my cards in here. Um, would it be okay by you that I basically Shuffle this hand or take out the cards that I have used from the last scene.

Yes, reshell the deck draw four cards. I keep the Shadow stuff because I already used it in, uh, the discard files. Okay, are you okay with that, I I'm good with anything all right. If what you're saying is, I want to see my other cards. Yes, do whatever you need to honestly, just like Mulligan until you have new cards because you should not have yours.

I'm also just trying to reset because I didn't know about this. You're good. You're good. Don't worry about it so, uh? You, you get angry because it doesn't have the effect. And as I spend a toll, you see that the girl says, boom, what was that? What are you doing over there?

Please hurry, trying to get the door. Two more babies are so angry. There's an opening at the top of the door and you climb through it, uh, low-key. I will let her attempt it. Um, that's a good idea, uh, I will do. I will do a standard check for her.

I'm gonna Aid okay. How are you gonna Aid her? Tell me what you do to Aid her attempt here. In this moment, bubbles the clown bubbles, obviously cancer, so bubbles turns out as customer service ways. It must be really scary to be in this situation. Yeah, it's really scary.

We're here to help you, and we need you like I, we need you to help us help you. And I know how scary it is, but I promise. This is one of those things. We need Mutual trust, and I know, like, the baby seem really scary, but the babies, and you're a big, strong 10 year old girl.

But there's 12 of them. And half of them are asleep, so there's really no, no, I think, like, eight of them are awake. Now, sure, and the thing is, is that they're, oh, no, it's six. No, it's, you're right. No, you know, I didn't do well in math class.

That's okay, me, neither. But hey, you know what, we have that in common. And I think we're gonna get through this crisis together. So, can you? Has anyone heard this voice from bubbles ever? I'm going to be, how could I? He's got the empathetic card and doesn't use it on you.

That's awful. This is not a healthy relationship at all. He sleeps in clown makeup, uh, no, okay, so, uh, you, you use your epithetic card, um, let's do it this way. By default, I'm gonna allow the aid to stick. Uh. I think what I should do is? I should just make the decision, but I'm going to let you choose because I think it's more interesting.

You can risk it with a persuasion, check to see if you do better or worse than one V6. If it helps the DC for her to get out alone without any additional support is a 17, which is pretty difficult. Like, it's a very thin Gap. You need to climb entirely on top of, and she's it's not necessarily that persuaded.

Okay, good luck. This is just just like a flat, uh, persuasion. Check. You should roll a second die because checks. Um, although I don't know, you should okay. I will take a toll, um, immediately, you say she goes. That guys. I heard your shoes squeaking. You don't happen to be a clown.

Are you? No, I just have to release you're alive. You're lying. I can see you through the hole of the door. You can't. There's no hold the door. All right, she's like looking through the skeleton hole. Okay, I'm still gonna let her try. Oh no, never mind. I removed your Aid because you terrified her.

She could. She could. She could do it right. She could technically do it. Yeah, technically do it. Wow! 10. Not enough. She's like, I can't. It's too high. Okay.

All right, and in her efforts to climb the door. And as she's crying with your squeaky shoes, two more babies wake up, and they don't seem very happy. Can I just simply make an attempt to meet push that torch a little bit more? Oh yeah, this is just a just a, uh.

Yeah, okay, but not into the. Uh, the actual, oh, not into the actual room. Okay, so the symptoms we'll call it. I'm just trying to get it to where, like, maybe we could get through the door I was hoping for this, uh, yep. I don't know what. Good luck looking for.

Is that is a six? Cool, um, you, how are you trying to open this? Um, I'm going to, like, basically, try to, um. Like, like, push the door the the crack open, right, trying to use the kind of the fulcrum that Court created with the armor Chuck, um, that does not make any progress I'm going to use patrons favor.

Okay, failure. Check. I'm gonna remove it, die, uh, oh, my pool. My Patron turns the failure into a success. Heck, yeah, overall. Um, the and I remove the dead tokens. That's funny, uh, I'll just take two told instead. So the the overall this entire tie saying to them they fell asleep, and he's been leaning against the wall, watching all of this happen sort of incorporeally.

As you are chucking armor into the door, as you're, you know, trying to reaching through your pockets for a a lock picking kit and you find a smoke bomb instead. Yeah, as you're talking to her through the lock, open the door. Lordo brought a little help, and he just leans, and he goes.

Any elbows, the door, and it just? It rotates across its horizontal axle and then flips until it spills on the ground. Most of the work to be clear, having been done by cork, but he yeah, loosens it. The final leg, as the two hinges break off, but he says, that's gonna cost you, my friend.

All right, I'm out, see you later, and he goes into your draw pile to come back for his costume. I've already done, uh, okay, I'm gonna go ahead. And, uh oh, no. I'm gonna run in as there I'm going to run in. There's a terrified little girl. I've only got smoke bombs and.

It's pretty useful right now. There, there are these babies that are waking up that have red eyes and are buffing out. And I'm gonna be Reckless here and just walk right into this snafu situation. To be clear, you're playing your flaw card, and it must be to your disadvantage.

Yes, looking at that card, I thought it said ruthless, and so I was, like, oh gosh, what are you going to do to those babies? I'm going to run into, tell me first person or run into this room, and she starts running away from you. She's sprinting to the other side of Earth.

This really, really tiny. What looks like a kid walking running into this. No, not my worst, fear, a larger baby. No, I'm not a baby. Come back. We're here to help you. I am going to also walk in, um, and I'm going to play my diplomatic card okay. Before you do, she starts.

Printing away from you. You're trying to chase her down. And as you do, your elbow jostles and Strikes the four remaining cribs that have been rocking this whole time because, as you enter this room, you see that there's a canopy of streamers that have been tethered from each of these cribs.

These all the way up to a singular turret, the middle of the tower that stretches up and creates a skylight that directly opens up to the Moon above. And even in this moment, those kids were rocking in place as the streamer rocks with them, and then you jostled the remainder for and all four of them wake up in unison.

And, uh. They do not look. Did I say they were 12? Well, too bad there's 16 now, or, uh, uh yeah, oh yeah, I can count. Yeah, yeah. Um, so immediately, they are. Seemingly livid, and I'll be clear specifically at you for waking them up as 12 heads like dolls on mannequins twist, and they turn towards you.

And all 12 babies lean back. And they go.

Uh. Uh, Odin. She doesn't want to run to Bubbles, so she's curled in the corner. Now, you go. I am going to approach her, um, I'm going to, like, run, and be like, okay, Odin, you're. You're always rushing. I let me handle this. Um, excuse me. Princess, right? Correct?

I recognize your face from the posters your Mr Stradivarius, aren't you? Close enough for now. Yes, I, I am the ring master of a circus, but we're here to help you. Um, I, I will personally take care of you. I will get you away from these babies, and um, I'm going to make my, uh, diplomatic birth check because I'm like playing the car.

Absolutely. I'll take it. I'm 46. Yep, um. Oh no, okay, you gotta exploding. You get a toll? Thanks, um, but I guess there's so much I get to explode that. Hey there, we go. That's a good one, all right. So that is 10 plus eight, so 18. Great. Um, you see, as she looks up to you, she goes.

Your voice. It sounds so soft and sweet. I remembered hearing it from the tower when you, your troop was in town. Can you keep the mean old clown away from me please. Oh, yes, I will keep that very, very mean old clown away from me. He doesn't. God must have been thrown down.

I'm just saying, yeah, he, you're. You're you flash back to the bog, where he tells you why. No, no, that's what I'm. That's why I'm imagining like that, darling man, that who I will have a Stern conversation with later. Okay, good. He doesn't work for you, right? Bubbles does not invisibly react and and cheerleader's like a checking to see how so, uh?

She, she's going to stand up, and she's willing to take your hand. Yeah, yeah, I will. I will take her hand, and I will do my best to walk her out of the room, at least out of danger. Um, okay, she starts going to like, chew you. She kites quite wide, gives a wide birth to Bubbles as you're crossing paths with him in the middle of either the hallway or the entrance of the door and the moment she's getting to the doorway, she says.

Thank you, my father has been, and she is stopped at the precipice of the doorway, as if something is wrapped around her throat, something that you can't immediately see except your perception role from earlier. There's a teal magic that emanates from her neck, and immediately she gets thrust backwards like she was yanked on a leash until her body is lifted, being strangled in the middle of the room, where the streamers wrap around her rapidly as the babies begin to cry, and Eunice said.

She. At this point, she's being pulled upward. I will allow you a reaction if you have one. Um, to stop that, I don't have it. I have a reaction. I play my cards quick, so. Awesome, um? I would like to use my decoy doll item. Oh, what exactly placed the doll?

The acting creature is distracted of lust redirect to it, so that's so cool. This magic has to redirect to this little like voodoo doll that cork pulls out of his pocket.

So, you throw this. You never know when you need to escape from angry villagers. The babies start crying. You see, what did you do before you join the surface? Who gave it to me when I was just a child now. Wow, oh my God. Hey, that's an antique, you know?

That's a sponsor exception for that toy company. If nothing else, um, immediately, you see that this some sort of magical energy. You don't know exactly what it is in the moment, but you see something wrap around her neck and begin to yank her back, and you take this dog your pocket and you throw it into her place as she grabs it in between her hands.

She looks at you and says, what is this? And then the magic lassos around the doll's neck and then just Yanks it up into the sky immediately, causing it to be lifted and strangled in place as cork. You see this 200 year old doll? It's, was it made of what's here?

Um, I, I think it's actually just a like, raggedy, like corn husk. It's dull, you see, as his mother made it. Yeah, the head off of this cornhole. Just the head off of this doll, strangled by the Magic in this Tower it. Pops off, as this toy is separate rage die right now.

You could just like, go berserk. And immediately. I'm, like, I want a, the second half, the second half. Falls to the ground. I think you take. 26 of emotional damage in this moment. As I spend told to do this emotional, here it is damage that would, as a reminder, affect your hit dice.

In case that is relevant? And here it comes. Oh, no.

All right, tell them what's going on. This little scarred is this emotional damage beings on you, Chris Baron, whether you would lose any hit dice from a single action around a combat, narrate the pistol's car. It gives you then replace all lost hit dive. Oh yeah, yeah, so I, I still take it.

This is important, because intentionally designed, this goes where it needs to, which is your rage pool, um? Oh, it does. Yeah, yeah, your core ability rage accounts lost hit dice is part of that as well, right below. This isn't about to get a lot more interesting than I expected it to.

Yeah, it's almost like, I knew, yeah, yeah. But I'm trying to think about what this is a physical scar. So as a quick recap while you're while you're thinking as a quick recap. She gets yanked, but instead, cork instinctively sees this coming pulls out. This ancient toy throws it.

It takes her place. It is destroyed. He suffers actual emotional damage, and then this happens. I know I want. I'm imagining this, like. Tear penis has the single, like, rivulant tear. You're probably doubt, and then it's here. Just like in Flames, and like birds down, and then he just has these huge Aura of Rage around him and all.

The protein powder explodes out of his body into this gray aura, and whatever this is. Reckless strike, oh zinc, all right. So, on success strike with full force, you are exposed until next turn. Okay, okay. So, so we roll this in dice. Yep, goes up. So that was Grant and Barrett.

So that's gone now. For those who are wondering what just happened, his rage dice reached six. He was forced to burst into rage and play the top card of his draw pile. That card happened to be Reckless. Strike might be helpful to you. You see, as the doll explodes, that teal energy begins to surround the 12 babies, and you can see with a flash of your eyes the same way that, uh, Trillion did earlier that there are what looks like 12 adult men in nights that are in ghostly specters rocking the cradles of themselves in this room that flash they turned towards you and withdraw their spectral swords, and they begin to rush you, but you get the drop on them first.

I want you to make that Reckless strike. Okay, so I perform a check with boost one. So, right now, I'm rolling six dice. Yeah, and it's, yeah, yeah, I get three from my friends, you bull plus, and I wanna I, I? To make. I want to make this clear.

That is what you're attacking. You're going to get a free round of that, like a free action against this, uh, objection. We're gonna you're gonna clear it. Honestly, if you clear it, that's what it's like, secretly what I want. Oh, I'll take one. That is a very nice role worst.

Oh, hang on. Well, the one's gone. Um, I mean, there's a couple areas we can get rid of. Okay, so I usually can't do the back row first. Yeah, let me let me do. Let me actually do something real fast. Yeah, I'm gonna reapportion these. It's gonna look like this.

So what? Why does it matter? You have to defeat these to do these same thing here. Sure, they they're not one pool. Okay, so those will those two are gone. Yeah, uh, the office down. Yeah, knock that down. Yep. That's about right? Uh, do I get this dice back as a failure?

Uh, yeah, yeah, that that does make it way stronger than I intended. But let's roll, let's roll with it. Why not chain your rage into more rage, uh? Um, well, I like that. Was that a very good role? Yeah. So, so you, you explode and rage and get a free attack off.

You are now exposed to say exposed one. I assume that's what it says. It, just as you are exposed. Yeah, so this is the first time we've seen this keyword the way that exposed works is basically. It's like the reverse of rooted or rattle that we just saw here.

The a die is going to be rolled in front of you. The next time any action is taken against you, this is going to be added to that die. Cool! Now, it's this is very clear. It's combat, so it's as if you just added a single D6 to your threat.

Um, so you know there you go. Merry Christmas right now. Yes. Immediately combat begins. Everyone roll your result. That is a resolved check. Remember. 2d6, and if it crits, great if it doesn't too bad. And I want to see. I want to see the totals in front of you, right?

Yes, roll your resolve. Cool, let me let me see your resolved mounts. We've got four, five, nine years, six, two, two, six, two, two, wow, all right. Uh, Dan, you did yours that three five great so? Cork and Bubbles, y'all. Both are locked in, tell me why. I mean, Court just went off you're.

I mean, you're, I know why you're locked in. My husband, just told to me, called mean and old. So, you're the one to prove him, right? Wrong. Okay, so here, sort of, just pork skin is like Ash and gray from the protein. You got this, you got this, uh, tear duck scar, which is kind of sick.

Okay, let's get after it. So, in this combat, the threat is even higher than before the threat dies facing you are is combat, technically, a new scene or oh, it doesn't have to be. It doesn't have to be, but it is going to be the start of a new scene.

Go ahead and scratch our cards against the door. Oh, wait a minute, uh, yeah. Do I draw because, um? How important is it today have cars? No, no, no, uh, I, that I force players to discard cards, uh, I'm going to say, let's do the friendly interpretation for now, and I don't know why I would hate it.

Uh, you draw up to five, okay? I have a real, so you can freely discard any card that doesn't have the lock icon on it, I.E, your flaw. You can freely discard anything in the draw up to five. Okay, I know, that's a change. From what I said earlier, it's, I'm gonna keep my hand entirely.

Yeah, and I'm going to use the reaction now, so, uh? If the trigger is anytime, I I pull out my whistle. I guess the the whistle that I use to get attention in the, um, thing, but also what it does. Is it designated at an ally immediately? Takes one free action?

I don't know. I think The Barbarian seems like a good choice for this all right. You whip out your your circus man's whistle and you. Free little tweet, and what do you say to court, uh? Do that again. Unfortunately, you cannot Reckless attack again, but you can do. I do okay, how do I resolve this first?

Oh, I need to, well, roll my thread. I wasn't wasn't this. The, uh, that was exposed. We still need to. So, what this does is the next time any action's taken against you, you would add this to it, which is just your thread. Okay, so, so this is my resolve.

Oh, oh, I'm sorry. We have a roll. Oh, I'm sorry, yeah, we have. We haven't rolled right yet. Yeah, so this is coming against my resolved, so that doesn't prevent me from taking an action, right? I absolutely have things I could do. Yeah, you basically get two actions this round.

Yeah, and actually, it's, uh, I'm going to say it's even better. Well, yeah, yeah, that's right. Yeah, you can take it in any order. It doesn't matter when you do it. Um, we need to roll threads still, right? Yep, um, the threat for this encounter is four D6. Oh, okay, oh good.

Fine screws. As you see, 12 sold 12 Ghostly specter swordsman Knights of the round table are protecting their own babies lives. Also Chris, oh, I had a failure. Now, I hold four, holy moly. Y'all are getting messed up, I know. The six of five are four, a three and a two.

And don't forget that three right there. Yeah, okay. Definitely definitely need like red dice or something for the future. Um, I'll figure that out later. So, uh, can I borrow two of the two of these, these six right here. Yeah, go for it. This is the health check for, or sorry, the health role for, uh, the princess.

And she. Is also going to be threatened by these soldiers. We're trying to claim her back. Okay. Um, lawyers, you've got. So, so, uh, this is where I'll narrate who's looking the worst here. And if I'm taking the furthest row of dice away from you. It looks like court gets immediately cornered.

You see that five of these swordsmen withdraw their swords, and they begin to thrust pinning him to the wall, as two of them be ready just to slash down on his body. How much damage do you? Ghost swords. Do I guess you're gonna have to find out and meanwhile, trillion?

Why are you in trouble? Um, I mean, I still have the girl. So, yeah, they're they're basically probably just all surrounding me about to. Cut down on me and her. Yeah, so this is kind of nuts. I can't you die on her. Oh, you're right, sorry. I'll lock him.

Oh my God, oh my gosh, you could die, right? Oh, don't you die here? Yeah, go. Let's talk about death moves here, um. So, in, in my game, something I'm going to do, perfect. But, but I want you to know the stakes, um, in this game system. When you drop the zero Health, you are knocked out.

You will gain well. I don't have him at the table with me, but you would gain a scar card, which gets permanently forcibly added to your deck and is generally speaking, a bad thing. Um, it's based on the kind of damage you take when you go down. Once you take three scars and this is based on essentially the setting and whether the GM wants it or the players want it.

Your character either dies in that combat, or they are forced to retire after that combat. So, if you drop to zero hit dice, you're you're knocked out, you're out of the fight. You can't help your team anymore so that this is quite threatening as far as I'm concerned, and it is up to your choice choice.

Whether you're going to attack, defend, and how you're going to help each other, well, I happen to have my Patron in my hand again. Oh, no. We should do this. We should do this now. Yeah, we should do this now, Oberon. Enters and Romy D6 to declare which, which, uh, cost.

This is the patron pact charm again. Oh, okay. Over a lot of years, it goes. And then he looks not just at you, but at all of you, he says, are you for? I just put the babies to sleep, and you started throwing steel at the wall and trying to bully your way through a door.

Didn't I teach you cact trillion, Joe Westwind? Joe crackly. Or do I need to teach it to you again, and he is going to sing that there's a door when you put them to sleep. I'm going to use charm as a cost against you as he starts singing, and you are going to become rattled.

But as he sings, what is your lullaby that you grew up with? I want you to say, like, what's it? What's it the nature of, or a type of song that you would have been sung when you were a baby yourself, uh, this is gonna be devastating for him, um.

But I mean it, it in terms of, like, oh, for your character. Oh, okay, for my backstory and everything, or um. There's there. One of my cards has a little bit of this drama on it, but basically, it's, it's just gonna be a class. Like, I don't know, the Irish blessing or something, um.

A classic song, um, I don't remember how it goes, um. Um. May the wind be ever at your back as one of the the lines here. Um, so he, he starts singing this lullaby to you, and you're reminded of your father who gave you the circus and said, let's give you amount to anything at all.

And as you remember this lullaby song, your character and fathers, okay, he gave that to me in his introduction. I didn't make it up. You don't like that. It's a bad father, Mr Stradivarius. Basically, um, his backstory is that his parents were killed in a muggy, but he was.

He was saved by clowns from the circus. Okay, gotcha gotcha gotcha, so I hit on your daddy. That's all he needed the other day. Okay, you are now going to be rattled. This can be put in front of you, and how does rattle affect players? Well, it works like this.

Before you get to choose what action you're going to take on your turn, you must clear this rattled condition before you can choose cards if you choose not to if you fail to do this. Then, during your action, you must randomly choose a card from your hand and see if it works or doesn't work cool.

Good luck. The song strikes your. Oh, hey, guys, whoa! That was a check, meaning it just rolls complete. Tell me, tell me what happens. What on Earth goes on as he's singing your your lullaby. What I think happens is nuts, he's singing, he's he's singing this lullaby, like from his child, and he's and he, um, I think what happens is that he is, like, feel like he's like hearing his parents' voices again, and then suddenly.

He's like back in that one moment where his parents were getting murdered, and then he. Where's Joe? Where's Joe? Is he safe? Um, and then, like what I'm imagining is, you know, right? After both of his parents get murdered, a group of clowns also show up okay. How long among these clowns is a very young?

Uh, orc, oh my God! I mean, I don't know if you if you want to. Yes, have this be like, there's reading, uh, it's just like, but like one of the clowns, a young or um, like, specifically intervenes and saves his life specifically. And then he, like, is brought back to the present, and like sees that same clown.

My videos like, wait, wait, I do love you! No, I can't. I won't be overtaken. I don't know how much I can condone this, like trauma Bond. So, you do bubbles, you see, in his eyes. Trillion is is caught by this song, and you also recognize it. Um, I will end so that that is merely set up.

You have all this bread in coming. All four of you have actions. You cleared the rattle condition because it completely rolled off your shoulder. It's over to the players you're it's year round. Um, I am going to. Is is clearing a locked card in action? No, oh, so I still have an action.

Yep, great. I am going to stroll it. Yeah, I should make that clear, I suppose. I am going to terrify. Hello guys, and I'm going to, uh, like, boost myself in a very like, not my, not my husband's healthy night. What is your Boost card. Uh, so I performed intimidation track on success, reveal something of your true power.

Yeah, our rounds. And maybe specifically, and the aid card was, uh, and then the the eighth price resolution new character from any action in the Resident Manor. James James agrees as resolute game. What are you Resolute about I, I pray, tell? Protecting the love of my life. We're gonna see, give it a little bit of tension, but in this moment, so yeah, he what you see in the moment is like covering her.

Those dikes represent a bunch of these specters that are like swords drawn about to stab into your husband is what I thought you said, um, okay, but both of them are doing this. It's very much, I mean, honestly, very much. It's complicated. Being married is a lot funnier, honest.

Yeah, I gotta say, that's perfect. Well done. In that case, your health was so low because you guys had a big fight today. Yeah. I can't emphasize enough. The only reason why this lore got out of goes because of the help dice in the first place, so I'm glad it all came first.

Okay, so here's, here's what I'm gonna do. I have it hate each other. I haven't awarded this. All session, um, I should have, but you're rolling way too good. Um, this is so perfect, and I think Resolute is so good. Take everything already, so age yourself, do the base roll all that Jess.

I'm gonna award you an additional inspiration for the just the creativity alone. Can I have two more diamonds? Oh, I thought you were just asking for even more dice. Uh, there you go. Okay, so wait. So, yeah, four total. Yeah, yeah, because you aided yourself. And then I gave you one for free.

Let's get these here. You should keep, but you should keep. Oh yeah, good luck. Wait, wait, sorry. This is offensive defensive. I, from what you've said, it sounds defensive. This is defensive, right? Two clear, yeah, cool. I will. I'm just gonna allow that. Immediately use these bubbles tears into the room, trying to get in the way okay.

It was good. Hey Chris, that's pretty good, all right. Yeah, you got it all. Get it. Get another one in there. So that the bonus follow-up guys do not themselves explain that. I think you just did it right. You just like deflected every, not all right, do it. Okay, uh, cuz I remember being six, four, three, two, five.

Uh, or is it the four? Yeah, I think it's. Yeah, I think it plays itself. Yeah, and you gotta do that. And then, maybe that was down to. Yay, dude! I want you to describe what happens that is. This is beautiful. This is the dice wanted to tell a story.

And yeah, warms my heart bubbles walks, and I am, uh, and uh, as is terrified, she starts juggling mysterious swords. But they're so easy to juggle. Famously, hey, we we got the payoff here. That's the big thing you see, all of them, the ones that were pointing swords in trillian's Direction, they just turned to you, and they see the cock in their heads as if their expression goes.

What is happening right now. This was an intimidation check which, okay, success. Uh, all Indonesia are also rattled. I just quit once. Uh, crit. One one turn your fleas entirely. One one target, please, darling. Okay, so yes, really. His his exploding desk was also a six. Does that count it as an additional crit?

It does okay, those are grits two, yeah. So, um, yeah, let's. Let's read it, as is there. There should have been an icon. The cards don't represent this, but if it has each crit, oh wait, no, this is okay, cool. Yeah, so the um, uh, yeah, you should maybe put it underneath or I, I, it doesn't matter, but?

So, the cars don't currently represent this. What you would see is like a hooked Arrow icon, which basically says, for every crit you roll. You can do this effect again that is totally intended on that particular card. Okay, so yes, with two grits, I'm just gonna let I'm just straight up.

Gonna ask two of the men to like two of the men to two of the, uh, specters to just leave the room, which is going to look like this. Um, as immediately you see as their their forces dwindle quite heavily, two of them, just they dive, and they don't run out of the room.

You see, what they do as they, uh, grab the underside of one of these, uh, cribs. And then they pull the blanket over themselves and disappear into absolute nothingness. They turn into nothing as a pulse of orange light fills The Gleam, and there's a little light bulb that appears over those two particular babies crips, um, having been just essentially dispelled with these these specters.

Meanwhile, you almost entirely defend all incoming threats. I think you were dying, right? I was about to die. Yeah, you were definitely going to die this round, um, and instead you would look quite healthy. And thanks, yeah, uh. And then the final thing was, you said that, uh? You said that the car rattles?

Is that right? Uh, yes, I'm going to, uh. So, I'm gonna there are two, uh? I don't have a word for this. I guess I'll follow them. I'm gonna interject as well. Okay, I have a card, so the moment that we figure out, um, okay, the, uh, the? At the condition.

I'm gonna do what's called exploit, opening, and exploit. Opening says, heck, yeah, it's a reaction. Let me let me rattle them real, fast, great. Uh, that's the rattle. No, what's that the one doesn't go away in this case? So, here's what I'm going to do. Let's try this. The one does go away in this case, cuz it's check, right?

Or no, it's not, it's not. I need the word for this. This is like a rat. It's a debuff. It's a, it's a debuff roll, sure. Yeah, I, which means I roll. I ruled it wrong against you, but it would have been very likely for you to clear that.

So, let's just ignore that happened. Um, oh, okay, yeah, cuz I will do the same thing as well. Hey, honestly, I think it was it getting it works. It was perfect. I feel like getting one and thirty six baby, right, right? So, um, I'm gonna try something different instead of immediately rolling for them to clear the rattle condition.

This is reminding me to make that attempt the next time that these units taking action. I'm playing around with component ideas here, so u. That card is done. Now, exploit the opening, so I'm going to exploit the opening, um, basically. Whenever they take a negative condition, I can perform an acrobatics check and do it and honest success.

Nope, one. So, yeah, I. Not this time. If what it only affects future rounds of combat and what I'm learning is like most teacher MPGs, there's like a one or two round combat system, which I'm okay with if it ends up being a one round thing because you have to decide whether to defend or not.

I'm all right with that jazz. These are long, oh, so nice, because, well, what it is, is, it's um, for actions. Yeah, so would that be like, yeah, that one, right there? Yeah, I'm going to use this one. Ah, oh, well, okay. I can tell. Thank you, uh oh, I, because, like, crit, um, I get to explain, uh, get to apply the exposed or root as well, uh, I'm gonna do brooded because we've already seen it exposed us.

Now, I want to see what root it does. This is where I'm immediately running into a challenge with resolving, like nine or ten units only. Am I gonna say all of them are rude. Am I gonna say if one of them is rude? How do I represent that? That's actually quite tough.

Uh, this one, I think, just only applies to one. I don't think it applies, like, but what does that mean? Do I do? I say, it's your unit, and then and then, you get reduced threat as a result. Actually, you know, yeah, that makes sense. Um, but I, I think I'm reevaluating whether these particular keywords may be codified the way they are.

The way that rattles are, uh, in this case in the state, The Gates of the System targeting is especially in combat, almost not even math, it doesn't matter. Yeah. And so it, I don't know it. Just the first time we ran this, we I had distinct units that you would Target their health pools, and we're doing this abstraction to see how it feels.

So far, not a ton of downsides, uh, one of which would be it makes the status conditions confusing. I'm already considering in the next place is just killing him and seeing how it feels, but Because this is the first time we ran them for the sake of your rooted one of the units as a result of you.

Uh, what attack, what kind of weapon are you using? What do you do so I have? Well, I have a bow and arrow. Okay, and I. Fire and basically have it to where the arrow Nicks at the, uh? At the spectral night. Yeah, and kind of just Roots itself into the hamstring them or itself, and so it basically keeps them in one place.

Cool. So, uh, here's how I'm gonna adjudicate rooted, uh, that unit can't get to you this round. Remove your lowest threat diet. Yeah, and I would just say that for these, the statuses. Yeah, I feel like they could a lot more easily just become. Like, for example, if they're exposed, you get a boost.

Get to your next role if they're rooted that you remember, right? The existing the the targeting abilities could be more just simply affect your threat. Um, as opposed to yeah, anything else, yeah, the um, so it exposed. It's supposed to like, make it easier for you to do something that sets you up, for instance.

Um, because instead of it being above to yourself, you're sticking it to the nmv enemy in an abstract sense. I would be give one boost forward. Yeah, so, like, yeah, that's based. It's that's kind of just what it is, right? So, I, I could, for example, if this was exposed, I put it here and then that kind of signals to the players that if you attack this unit, you get a, you get a stronger attack out of it, kind of fits the.

Like, if we just make it, you get one boost forward. It kind of fits the language of the bogged cards that we already have. Yeah, like, oh, if this takes like five, but you got one boost? I will take note of that and we will. We will see what it looks like next time.

So, but let's let's finish the story so, uh? You exploit the opening, you did your damage. Did you roll your damage? I did. I rolled a six out of three. Yeah, cool. Did you did you attack the health pools here, uh? Let me go ahead on do that. I assumed it was offensive.

It seemed clearly. Yeah, it was clearly offense, so I'm gonna go ahead and knock that one out. Yeah, you can, and I'm gonna knock this one out. Okay, boom. As the forces are dwindling. We have an action here. Go ahead and lay it on me, all right. Um, Corky.

Would like to. In a daring way. He doesn't care about any of the damage he doesn't care about any of the damage coming towards him. Hmm, oh, look at this pool, uh, doesn't matter. You can take it. Debbie, literally. He can take it. It is not a problem for him at all.

It's true he is rushing through that hoard of that's with their swords pointed at him. Yeah, you can do a soldering blow against the knights that are attacking the. You see that two of the knights have like grabbed her by the hair, and they're holding her by the windowsill to the exterior of the building, preparing to toss her out immediately.

Yes, they seem courageous. I can take it, and he just runs through their blades. Blazers like scraping across your body, because to be clear, unless anybody else defends you, you're guaranteed taking that damage. I'm fine he's going to take, like it doesn't matter if you end up. I read Freddy myself, I'm defending the princess.

It's time, a five, four, and two. So, yeah, I can knock out like, okay, okay, yeah, yeah. G is currently living. Does one of these become a failure or because I successfully knocked out the dice? It doesn't. Oh, one of them would be a failure because you reduced it by one.

That's yeah, that's what I'm gonna go with for now. And maybe, as a result, Nerf the the number on that card, because clearly you, you could accumulate rates very fast. If you do it this way, okay, but I also kind of love it. I kind of like it. It sort of like flows into itself.

The way that your Charlotte's and cloak did is the Rogue, uh, go ahead. I have an action that I would like to take as well. Do you do you still have? Um, yeah, yeah, cuz he was gonna be this. Okay, okay, that's all. Yes, yeah. And then, I have one more action.

Yeah, technically, it could be an extra action. I yeah, I'm I'm not doing it yet. The the signal whistle is literally a reaction. Yep, like, it's kind of busted. I'm okay with it. It's, but, um, yeah, I, I'm going to see if I can't, cuz I believe that the source of all of this magic is coming from the ceiling with those streamers.

So I'm going to hex and curse that specifically, or try to curse it in a nullification kind of way. Um, I'm gonna, I'm gonna tell you this right now. You succeed, and it'll be pretty sweet. So, I'm gonna tell you DC, um, you're actually anything else on hex the card, um, um, um.

It says performance billcast check. I'm a success person Target until the scene ends. Every action they take costs them something extra. The GM decides what an accredit I named the cost instead of GM and holds for the rest of the C. Okay, so, uh? Normally, this would be invisible, but because of your perception from earlier, you see through the lines of teal magic that interlace the ribbons, the streamers.

If you look at the top and you see a small May, Pole what it would be wrapped around and at the center of that entirely Arcane, almost invisible to the naked eye in teal magic. You see, what is essentially a like a chandelier that they're all twisted around, which is glowing with an energy that is the source of this Ricocheting magic.

Because you can see it. You can Target it. I'm going to give you Advantage, or I'm going to give you, yeah, Advantage. I guess I'll call it inspiration. I'm gonna I'll say the word boost. I'm gonna boost your roll by one, okay, and not kidding. Hex. I'm gonna liken to dispel magic, which is exactly what you need to stop this thing.

I'm gonna boost it again, one for seeing it. Two, because it's essentially the right spell to use here and all in myself, you can age yourself with Eldridge strike, um. So, I'm going to discard that. And if I really wanted to, I can use my pact and use a hit dice.

I will tell you the DC is 22 essentially end, so I. How let me do it this way? 20 and um, everyone drops their highest threat die incoming, um, as a result of weakening them. 25, the encounter ends immediately because they, you basically turn off their power source. Yeah, I would like to Aid with break.

You're just giving me a break. No, I tell me how your what break is doing here. Um, I mean, he wants to. He is saying that you're like looking up at the bay poll. Yeah, she's like when magic is, he's getting ready to do so. He's just gotta Chuck something at it to break to break it.

That's, I think you two have been in show business for a long time, you were. You're reading the Showman's eyes, and you know, hey, there's something in the rafters. It's not Odin. It's probably something that's hurting us. Um, what exactly are you using to break it? What are the cribs, which has an actual baby inside of it?

I mean, do we have anything because they're amazing? You see, you see, there's a there's the door. Yeah, it's pretty sturdy. Oh, God, can I say, why didn't you have well? I like that you start by. I'm the one that goes. Here's the door. So, you ate, you Aid him to Aid him.

It's not disrespectful. I, I see no reason to not allow all of it. So, both of you are aiding trillion, which will add in total two additional D6s. I'm as I'm going to do siphon suddenly wish the guy had raised the DC on this. You can still you can still bell.

You can still remember, I rolled five T6 last time. Yeah, one six and four, one right, I should have. Yeah, go ahead, uh, you take something they they need. I take their matching, uh, yeah, honestly, you. Basically, you're a warlock as well. You're basically trying to do with pull in the magic while he is dismantling it with his sweat with his hex spell.

So, you're creating like a little. Well, it's like that, right? You're a little pipeline. Imagine that I have all of the math, right? So, it's tuned from the original. Yep, uh, two for me, two from two from you and then three from the table three from the table, I aided myself.

Yeah, yeah, that's right. Four, four, okay, because I'm gonna use packed. Um, what happens if I use both of my head dice you die, or you take a scar. Okay, I think it would be cool. Just, oh. Use both of my hit die. Oh, you do have to declare before the roll.

So, yeah, this, you, you know, you want to use both of my hit die. This is the last thing I'm doing this comeback. Add your face drum directly to the track, um, or roll them as a part of it. Yeah, so I think I'm going to keep the four flat.

I'm going to roll the two, um, but I'm going. I'm just laughing, cuz Jordan played Warlock, and he did exactly this as well. I'm, like, I'm not surprised. I'm not surprised right here. Yeah, I didn't say you're gonna go down to zero, right? So, um, I have a four.

Yeah, yeah, before, please, please, please roll them in a knife, roll them in a neat little file so they don't get mixed up. Oh wait, wait. You want a bowl guys right here. I have a bowl. Yeah, there we go. I got my own dice tray and put it right there, definitely.

All right, 25 ones are misses. Sixes do explode.

That's gotta be enough. Oh yeah, before it is 16 with the fours. Yeah, it's like, all right. So this is, uh, yeah, he got it. Ten, totally got it. 16, 18, uh. This is 23 plus 10 is what you're saying, yeah? Plus, the four from earlier, yeah, heck? Yes, all right.

This is ultimately going to turn off their power source and end the combat as it currently is. Um, I, I went all in so. If I wasn't still have a card in my hand if I wasn't being clear earlier, um? In the vast majority of cases, you defeating the enemies, you still take the damage from that route.

I was, I was superseding that language by saying, I mean, you cut off their power source. Go through my, uh. Yeah, well for you for you. It wouldn't affect your health. Yeah, frankly, if you hadn't taken all of that damage away, it probably wouldn't have been able to even consider doing right.

You might, you might have, I don't know. Dropped the zero Health if you allowed this to happen. Which you're doing anyways, but anyway. Yeah, um. So, uh, my friend, it's time to finish this describe to me. What happens next, and all of you are aiding this? So, if you have details to add in now, yeah, basically.

What he is doing his? Um, he's going to. Um, after getting. Um, oh, gosh, words aren't happening, but he's yep, his resolve is increasing. He realizes just how dangerous of the situation this is. He's seeing how much damage everybody is taking. He's seeing how much damage was prevented towards him, and he's like, okay.

And also, he's kind of like, I'm gonna have to, um. See, I have to pay back my patreon as well. Yep, and so he's like I, I is so much I need to pay for right now, and so he decides to just, um, uncharacteristically give everything, uh, and you know, and he sees a a girl, a small child, and he sees his past self in her.

And it's like, maybe I can be. That's the club I needed. Yeah, maybe I can be the clown that she needs. She's in the middle of of trying to cower away from bubbles at this moment. Yeah, um. But, and I think, like, without thinking since bubbles has just arrived, he's going to like, uh, like without thinking, take bubbles his hand.

And, like, siphon the magic through their hands together as he like fires a a crew. Um, and it's like a wind blast. But as the wind gets there, it like gets darker and darker as it's just about magical back. Yeah. Well, I think it also carries the. It carries like this is grabbing the store being like the circus protects the wigs, throwing the door at the door, like hatches of the wood burst as well.

You see, the door pieces just shatter upon the roof of this Tower. As Rock begins to Tumble downward in the midst of all of you, I need everyone. As rocks fall. Actually, you don't. You're unconscious. Oh, I need everyone else. Roll two threat against themselves and immediately resolve it.

Do we still think this? No, I, you? There's the inspectors, the specters, oh, actually, you. You're still, okay, you're so exposed. I kind of wanted to take this. Yeah, I know, I know, I know, I know you're gonna take some damage here, so? Um, immediately go ahead and roll a threat check against each of yourselves of 2d6.

Yeah, and then resolve it as Stones fall nice. It's a owl. Well, yeah, the one goes away. Yep. I rolled the one in a two got rid of one.

You just need, like some, some white dust. There's like a small container of whey protein that tumbles from the roof and lands next to you. And there's just like an explosion of white powder protein immediately. Um, the tower begins to cave in on itself. You see that the crackle of purple energy that shoots down into the center of the room emanates outwards.

And, uh, oh, you hear 12 babies crying, but not in unison. They seem to have been awokened from something, the tower. Is falling apart. It's time for your final skill check you. Have one route. In which you need to clear all of these dice. But wait, oh, oh, Lauren explosion.

Maybe I shouldn't have gone unconscious? One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, great. And here's what this means. Yeah, we're gonna do it this way. Yeah, we're gonna do this way. Nope. There are 12 pools. You have one route of actions in order to rescue all of the babies.

He still has a free app. Yeah, I still have not taken another action. You're gonna get to use that action right now. You know what that that covers for my missing action for being unconscious. Great! You have 12 babies and one princess, uh, that are in the tower as it tumbles underneath you.

You need to get out your group skill check, just like the very first skill check we did of the camp of this session. Is that you get to take one action with your current cards in hand and attempt to escape and survive this encounter. If you choose, you may take an additional action.

We add one there for my unconscious body. It's a good point. Yeah, but you're an adult. So this is your unconscious. Oh, I guess I should roll. This is your unconscious body because you're heavier, and she can run, but she still needs to be guided. Uh, okay, this is, uh, do you have like a marker or something?

Maybe something I can put here for you? Uh, players. The three of you? Need to save as many babies from the round table as you can here. You go, um, I'm gonna find the Gap. Explain what you mean? I like it. Oh, you mean, like, in the wall, you're like, yeah, no fine.

Don't tell me more how it works, it says. Perform an investigation check? Yeah, on success, choose one. What is the fastest way through this office? Heck, yes, wait, that's actually right. Deliberately kept from view here. That is so good, who here cannot afford to have you proceed all right as it starts tumbling down, make that investigation check all righty.

Yeah, currently, it's flat, right, giving the flash saving this baby by putting the microwave. That's what it's going to be is, oh, wait a minute. I think, uh, sharp eye gets both of him and I, you just use sharp eye on his action. Okay, cool, just making sure. Yeah, so it's not the part itself.

It's just, oh, I'm sorry. This is a bond card, right? It's a bond card. Um, you gained a boost from that which you can choose to use. Now, if you want, I would love to use it. I think now would be the right time.

That's pretty good, and I'm gonna go ahead and roll that. Hey, yeah, look at that. So, uh, because I didn't specify any fancy fancy additional rules here, this is just a skill attempt meaning. Take those dice. You apply them where you want. Each of these is a baby. This is the princess.

This is trillions unconscious body. I, I, you, you watch as Odin is like, dexterously reaching over directions. Yeah, I thought we had to go through the top real first, uh, yeah, I spread the I spread them out. Okay, there are 12 objectives 13 14 objectives, and then I'm thinking this one right here, I think, why not?

Yeah, uh, that way we can get rid of all the Hyrules. So, yeah, I managed to figure out how to get four minutes, so you just watch through and you grab a bunch of babies. Now, I will give you the bonus effects from your card. You may ask one of those questions, and I think you're gonna ask an additional questions.

Yeah, go ahead. So, I asked, what's the fastest way through this obstacle? I guess the other one is what is being literally kept from you here? Okay, actually. My answer to both of those is the same. Weirdly, your eyes start scanning the hallway, and you remember something? You need a way to get down and out of this three-story Tower fast.

If only there was some kind of spell that could quickly turn the staircase into a rapidly de-escalating escalator. You remember the pressure plates that cork stepped on, and if you're able to unstep it or tap it twice, you can reactivate its mechanism, making it dramatically easier for everyone else to get out.

All other players will receive boost one to your actions, all right, all right. That's what I do. I know you start running down the whole way. You do double tap, double tap, and then you just. There, exactly. It's very fast. This is your free action. By the way, free action because you were that whistle still ringing in your ears.

Are you gonna use rage. In this instance, I mean, if he, if he fails, he'll go into rage. Yeah, although I've completely forgotten to use retribution actually. I should use retribution. The reaction to you passing out which I cry. I'll let you do it now. Whether the Ally of sufferers spent your entire rage full roll, all those dice.

Keep the highest and add them to your next check targeting the source. Oh, oh, that that will not. That will not work that'll work, because because you went down actually clearly, and also he defeated it. So it's not like, yeah, irrelevant. This will probably trigger at some point, but will, you will?

I know, I should. There's time fast, you should have. No, it's it's good. Perfect. The outcome that was Jordan died, uh, Jordan, straight up. Joe died and. And then he became his ghost Patron to haunt the rest of the party. Yes, it was awesome because he had the haunted his ghost wife.

Yeah, that's really and, and by the way, by the way, because he invokes he invoked himself. So, so Jordan invokes himself. And then I said, okay. But you know that at the end of this session, I have to bring the cost card back, and so that was the last thing we did.

Was we rolled that diet, and it was, it was pretty funny. Actually, yeah, but that's more more adventurous. We had, uh, yes, maybe we will return to the land of the Boogie Nights in the future. Yeah, yes, that's true. Uh, yeah, so I, I'm playing steadfast because I think that he is just grabbing people up and rocks are just breaking against his back.

Like, don't care, he is just weathering every single hit and just grabbing everyone that he can, and then racing for those escalators that you activate them. So you gave us one boost. I got boost two for steadfast. Yep, and so I'm roll five. Okay. But yeah, oh, nice. Okay, I'll just re-roll that.

Okay, okay, okay, oh good. That's pretty good for a crit. The result is one tier more steadfast. I mean, yeah, uh, I'll I'll resolve an out roll roll, an extra result die, and put in front of you. Nice, all right, sweet. Nice. Okay, six. Okay, so Court grabs the princess.

She, I will say I, I was going to make it to where she wouldn't go with the two of you, um, but you will go with you Court. Okay, she's like, you seem frail and weak. Oh, my. As Baldur's a strike your shoulder and you're just like you're unfazed, that'll be.

So, you see court, just grabbing a bunch of babies, right? Yeah, what is that one over my shoulder? One princess did four babies just slung over his back and then, and then he gets to head back in because he gets one more action. You, you Chuck him down the staircase where Odin is there, ready to catch them at the bottom of the slide, so the escalator catched them like a water slide.

They just Rumble their way down, and it's really funny if I was the only person I didn't make it out of the time. Haven't gotten you. Yeah, we still have two more actions. We have two. That's true. That's true. That's true. You want to take it actually. Before I take it, take it.

Okay, I will say, I will say, all all heroes will take Rubble damage at the end of all this, which is my way of show, so you there's a chance you could, you know, not? Not you, you're clearly in it, but you could get knocked out. You might get knocked out.

We'll see. All right, we'll see it. I would like to, I'd be. I want to save more characters, and I would like to boost myself with Shockwave, um, in which I think again, he is just like. Shattering the ground as he runs just like slope, he's sliding down. Did you, uh, that doesn't failure to your pool?

Um, I didn't reduce anything. I don't think I don't think any of this dice fail Australia. I want it. Well, I, I'm sorry, felt like it would go against the rules to choose to do what I could have knocked out. It's also, it's like too much admin, I'm I'm happy you want to use your frenzy.

Uh, well, I bet it'll happen here. Um, yeah, cuz you got a bunch of fives get a boost. Yep, just by default, so I'm rolling. Yep, your action's gonna boost because Odin has paved the way down to the slippery stair. Oh well, those are some failures that I've seen any more Boulders for me.

Um, he's only saving one baby, but oh man. Oh yeah, I mean, you can't do that, but you still get to. Oh, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, never mind those. I think it's more effective to apply these against the five, I think so, too. Um, and that is one failure.

Dice, what's up, or it will take these three failure dice, I guess, because these it is. So that means they all go ones are failures. Yep, oh wow, all right. So they go to your pool. You got a one in your previous check. Yeah, I don't. I just removed, cuz I.

This is more to do with raids than the game itself, so. It makes more sense to me to let failures go straight to rage, cuz that's when I would be the most angry is when I roll one. So, the answer is, yes, so that means you would have gotten and raised for this check.

Either way, he only gets one free action. Yeah, additional free action out of it. I don't get one addition, so why are you so angry Court? Um, well, the last one was awesome. You, you just grabbed they were very Cooperative. They were very Cooperative. They ran up and grabbed your leg.

Maybe, maybe he looks like a kindly old man, and he'll baby really love him. Yeah, like, and then you go back in expecting more love. Come on, and they all are turning away from him. They're calling one of them. We just hit the ground. He looks distracted. Despite the boulders, he grabs half of a corn husk doll, and then he throws it at your face.

Oh, I got this, like gray mask, just like soaks out of his pores. His eyes. Oh man, he's going to spend the fury, which is very relevant. Wow, spend your entire rage pool, so I guess I'm gonna overwhelm those babies. Oh yeah, do it stuff at all, plus two for a base check.

This is just by range pool. Yep. Plus, oh my God, that's true. You're still boosted. You're still boosted, because all right. I, I okay, okay, hold on. Hold on. I'm going to add this now, um?

Boulder damage that is threatening all of you. I'm not going to tell you how I'm divvying up just yet, but if oh, two ones. Oh, that's two, yeah. And then, I'll roll for that six. Great. So, if you have extra dice, which you will. You can use them to deflect Boulders as they strike your party on the way out.

That is, what that is? I'm gonna put this is one big ol, one big old lump. You can hit any of those. Golly, he's so angry. Oh wow, there's two crits and three one. Oh, look three more boulders, oh my God, two more Boulders. Okay, and I roll for these two cribs, correct?

Oh no, no. Four waves. That's going back into my pool. Oh my God, all right. What do you? What are what the heck? So we might need to clear this here a little bit. We might clear that a little bit let me pull out. Well, you still got you.

Still, got your friend, uh, yeah, yeah. Bubbles bubbles, okay, six. Let's, yeah, save the baby's worth, uh, same, no use one. Oh, I see what you're doing gotcha two, two, yeah. So those are that's all. So, Court in his rage grabs the baby that hit him in the face with his doll, um, unconscious body.

Of the of trillion of Joe the ringmaster. I think he just Whispers. Don't call me that bubbles you see immediately. As cork is just tearing through this group and is making his way out of the building you find yourself in this room empty-handed with no with no babies to speak of, but Boulders are still tearing down.

Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, you probably should probably eat those up. Yes, bubbles all right. Bubbles, uh, as soon as the Rocks begin to fall as close his eyes and is chanting, and it translates roughly to oh, ancient wine, either of names, returned this Tower to its Glory Days. Oh no, uh.

Four return from his Patron to the undying either of you. I've never we never learned about your patron's name. What are they called? Oh, eat her names. Oh, I see, um, what do they look like, what are they? What are they? Uh. Shrouded. They wear like a thick, heavy cloak.

You cannot see its face, um, that works really well for the kids Aura of hunger that comes off of it that, um. But it has. Hands that are just not quite right, they're not. They're not like, not right, and they're not in a Fair way. But just like there's something like.

It is a hand that has been on you, the whole. It's like, you realize, okay, okay, suddenly behind your shoulder. The presence of the aching hunger is there, and it yearns for older days, and you say return it to that. Once it was, yes, I'm going to allow you to do a standard Arcane check, but boost it twice as you invoke your Patron here.

So you're getting out of the tower?

Boy, boy, yeah, grab some more dice. I got some more dice, we got there. I'm sorry, uh, that was. That is just like when they severed. Um, yeah, yeah, oh my, gosh, okay, look, that's nice. Oh, nice, nice. All right, the backup I had patrons favor, but I don't even need, oh, God, exactly.

It does. It hits all of them five, five. One, two, three, four. Did you exactly do it? Yeah, he did one. He exactly. Did it three? So, here's what actually happens. So here's what really happened. The cork is running out of the building with these babies and trillion, and immediately.

This, the road is the like. The smaller stones are still tumbling down off the tower that is erupting, and it rolls off of his back. He grabbed the babies and trillian's body and hops on the slip and slide zoom down and out of the building he tumbles and then only left in the building is one clown.

He begins juggling the bricks back into place. That's what I was thinking the stones, so rocks fall and Bubbles juggles them. As he goes, he literally just catches it. And like, I think, like a water better, he just like redirect, and he puts them back into its place, one after the other as the hunger.

The eater of names sits there and says. This Tower's name was once. And you placed the final Cornerstone up at the top of this Arch and inscribed and a glyph from a viking long ago is just the single word Joe you perfectly, and at the last second. Rebuild this entire Tower to its former State, and as you overturn that last Stone.

An orange glow sweeps over the tower, expelling the Poltergeists that had been possessing it. The ghosts that had inhabited these cribs as they light up with warmth. And the babies are now safely out of the tower in the hands of your Heroes. But as you do, you see that those babies in your hands, Cork, and in yours, Odin.

They begin to grow quite fast. What are you doing Odin drops of it instantly instantly because this is, like, okay, everybody's getting happy. Now, I've got you boys. I want you to make me a strength action check okay to see how well you can hold on to these babies as they grow back into men.

So I can activate my friends. It is, it is about it is a failure. No, it is a failure. You, you, the these four or five children that you're carrying overweigh here, and immediately they tumbled the ground, and you are enraged at this site. Oh my God, no, I'm stronger than this.

Tribal. Oh, no. Oh, no. What do you do next? I know, I'm like, what is the primal power of protein powder? You said earlier, you went. You went into, like all fours, you did your Primal Run. Yeah, do you wanna do you want to do that with the baby.

There you go. I like that man. That's our party game, he said. He's going ape, but I like that. I think that he, like, sprouts this, like, lady fur, that is just like, it's like the protein strands all like extending into white further. So, yeah, one or two flooding over him.

Three rounds we could go here. He's out of turning into a Yeti, or he's turning into Sasquatch. Oh yeah, this is a temporary rage induced Prime mold, um, again, it's, I think it's something with the protein powder. We don't know what it is the same name as my husband's.

Because you're playing as an actual. Yeah, yeah, it's an action. Okay, then. This is seven die, like carrying all of these babies from the original as well. Yeah, yeah, because he's it's a free action to play that card, and by playing it, he gets the I got the boot suit three frenzy, two boosts from playing it.

Yeah, and two bass. Yeah, that's right. Okay, okay. So this is my check to just haul them back into that. That's what this is, yes. Oh, I got. If I take, oh, what? No, it's so scary. Oh, my gosh. There's a there's a one grit. That's great, you got this.

Yeah, yeah, we're good, sure. Wow, it is once you're more private. So, does that mean things that go back into? Uh, they are failure dice. Yeah, um, that's one trigger in a guess. Oh my God, we have to do it. We have to do it. I absolutely. Just half.

Last car. This is nature as a happy. So you so you in your rage, the action you're gonna take, is whatever this action is, which thinking this is like personally. Here's, I've got it. Here's how. Here's how this results you. You tear into a Sprint. You're like, I'm not letting go of these babies just regardless how big they might be coming.

I've been noticing that they're like the weight is increasing, and he's just like the rest to get them back on your return Journey. You see that he tears off first upright, then getting way down all fours. He goes eight and starts sprinting, and even as five of these babies start growing on his back.

Ultimately, with that role, only two of them are gonna remain, but I can't emphasize this enough. Two fully grown nights suddenly awake, and as they are growing older and returning all of their memories from before they were turned into babies. They find themselves writing bare back on a human on a half elf tearing through the bog as Marcy as Marshy, like gross Whispers.

Start, like infecting your veins, and you find yourself back in the city of Venice as again. I didn't know that was the name of the city. I gotta go if I failed one more time. It would have just popped off again so. You all finally return, and the King is delighted to find that his daughters made it here.

And one piece, I think my daughter was with I. I think she was at the top of the tower of like regrown men all on my back. Yeah, I think that's fair. They were. They've been a little pyramid, and she was the flyer on top of it. So. The King looks at all of you and says, I mean, I am.

I still unconscious at this point. Oh uh, when you next rest, you will. You will be awakened. Your your body is probably like laying there next to her. We'll say, we'll say immediately. You go to the infirmary where they provide all of you with some food and some drink, and you awaken, and you get to.

Hang a scar. You get a scar, which would be a card. We would decide what that is based on the damage you took. Um, which in this case was self-inflicted, so probably something. Yeah, uh, what would the word be blood related, but so, what are your favorite from back to my, um, right now?

Yeah, did I didn't start a new scene yet. Oh, never mind, but oh, sorry, but that is very funny, so we will probably just do it anyways. Um, so immediately, the king sees his daughter hugs her. You awaken all four of you are sitting inside of the bubbles. And all of you are sitting inside of the exterior of your circus tent, as all the people that were working there.

When y'all went on your little Excursion, are tearing down the tent cork. I may add quite poorly. They don't seem to know exactly how to, you know, un, Spike the the spikes, and unwrap up the chords? Just how, what are they doing? What would they do with the help the king says.

I'm so pleased. Not only did you return my daughter, but you saved all 12 of the nights of the round table, and here they are, and one of them, Sir. Mance a lot, um, looks in the eye and says. I once thought that the most powerful thing for a night.

Was to ride on a steed most gentle, most violent, most pure. But today, I learned. But the power contained in that man.

I think we need to immediately start a new Cavalry division training barbaric soldiers to become our own steeds that they may become greater than our Squires immediately. He then fires The Squire that he was training to do to succeed him and starts going out into the woods to find feral men and women to train under his stead, uh, I'm giving you you a new title and a new act.

The human stallion. I think we need to Workshop that name garlic. Well, I've got the saddle right here and Bubbles. I want you to make me a perception, uh, check, please. Uh, that's true. Yep. Uh, so eight afternoons the one. Um, well, no, you've removed the wine. So, yeah, eight.

Eight, so you're looking a little closer at this King, and something seems familiar about the Signet ring that he holds on his finger. As he's gesturing you and offering you these these congratulatory messages. It seems like something you saw when you were at the tower.

So? Let me just say that in gratitude to all of you, you can at no cost. You may stay and dine here in my personal state. The daughter, of course, has seen some terrible things and may need a couple of additional Guardian figures, like yourselves, to inspire her. To which?

Her princess. Peanut Butter Cup, um, that's right, looks, looks up and says. I think. I've learned that. The only thing scarier than a bunch of screaming babies and a clown guy is. A terrifying eight man running through the forest. And she looks to you Bubbles and says. Thank you for trying to help.

I now see you really mentioned those words. Now, I didn't mean mine. It's all good, you know, the less? If you wanted to join the circus, we could always use one more act. Give me a persuasion check. Oh my gosh, can I Aid in what way? I, I mean, I don't know, so we haven't drawn correct.

So I have misdirection in my hand so I can like distract the king from hearing this guy from his question. Sure, yeah, I would say, I would say the king would be quite nervous about it, so you need to catch his eye in order to make her more convenient.

I I, yeah, I go and be like, can I also distract the knights? This what happened with the latrines incident? Everyone had their distraction cards. I'm just gonna look at the nice to go. Let me introduce you to some serious, uh? Both of you both of you Aid, uh, so he will roll it plus two now.

Oh, my gosh.

Okay, 15. I didn't declare the DC in advance. It should be very difficult unless she has been maybe enamored by your attempts. Here's how I'm going to adjudicate this. I am going to roll 2D 2020 and this is the number you needed to hit. So, in other words, you want this to be a 15 or lower in total.

This is her feelings towards joining the circus. You want a low number too late. You're already doing it. Um, here it is. You want this to be a 15 or lower change. What the failure activates my range? 26 and she looks at you. And she says. He's gonna get angry.

He's gonna get angry. Oh my gosh, I can't be seen. It is quite too terrifying to be associated with you, but thank you for your kind words. Just make a check to, like, lessen whatever rage is going to happen. Um, oh my gosh, we have the grid Baron grin and Baron.

Oh my God, being rejected, hurts you deeply. It does. And immediately, it looks as though you're going to take some emotional damage. I'm gonna spend all the toll I have remaining and deal emotional damage from the princess, is it one? Oh my God, that's not bad, uh, and then you're going to grin and bear it.

Oh, I just get angry again. That's how the card works. Okay, well, Bill Barrett was the one that triggers off of my rage. Yeah. Of, I'm just allowing you to use grin and Baron is really what's happening here. Okay, no, it was kind of trigger anyway. Oh, now, I just got an extra, oh my God, he's gonna keep triggering.

Oh no, oh. Rage triggers rage again. Well, it's the fact, it's the fact that it the pool is halved instead of completely wise wiping. Uh-huh. It does almost, and it triggers. It triggers it again. We will not resolve that, but it's a good secret stuff tweaking the. I'm sorry.

I rolled two crits. I feel like this. All of us are like, of course. In one of those episodes again, that is kind of how it feels. So, that's a 29 to grit and Baron. Yeah, this isn't a check, though. Yeah, this is just. This is just, you don't lose the health, and you get to put in your race.

I guess, I guess, unplayable card. Generate one resolves that unplayable. Yeah, oh yeah, yeah, it is, cuz there's a trigger that wasn't affected. It's more fun to roll about. That is a niche interaction for rage. If frenzy hits a reaction card, by definition, that that language used to be that it's unplayable because the effect hasn't been triggered.

Um, I am very resolved. Okay, great. So you know what I do grit and bear it that that cavity from the scar from your tears earlier is still there in a single tier. Just like runs down your face and you, you end up hearings on the other, the other, yeah, a new channel.

Angry, cheers. That's like, burnt scars, the Kinks. It's kind of metal. The king turns back, and he's like, okay, now that that distraction is out of the way. I'm grateful to all of you, and you can stay here at any time. Thank you for saving the knights and my daughter.

And so. Unless there are any other actions that need to be, I would like to just do one thing. Yeah, I just want to do it go and have it. I, I, I, you know? How? In Shakespeare, there's always the guy that shows up and kind of walks over and says, I hope you've enjoyed our play kind of thing.

Yeah, that's about the eater of names I was. I'm gonna do that. I'm gonna I'm gonna break the fourth wall here and go. Hope everyone has enjoyed this. Play the play of, uh, minutes appear enough, and uh, princess, uh peanut butter cup and the Tower of babies. Joe, please, the tower.

Joe, the Tower of Thing. It's like a universal smoke box. It's a universal smoke bomb. Roll the credits. While that is happening, I I do only because it is a core card that I haven't gotten to see Michael Express yet. I do want to bring your Patron back into The Fray as the smoke is subsiding your names.

Here he comes back, and now you're gonna tell me what word on your Patron they will exact as a cost. As we finish our adventure today. What Ender Endure? So, at this point, all of you. The white smoke emanates around you because of this fourth wall break that Evan has created.

You find yourselves in a void between stories, your characters tumbling like a deck of cards through the air. Okay, babe, what's going on? You feel nothing. There's no Breeze from the from the festival from the from the circus. There's no warm glow from the Sun as it is, was Rising.

Instead, you just feel a heavy hand on your back and a voice that vibrates through your spine that says. And now. All of you? You must wait. Until should you ever play again? You will be brought into the story, or else you will join me here. As I devour all of your names and he is going to drift back.

As the Smoke Cloud subsides, and we end our session of instinct RPG. Thanks for playing, uh, obviously. I went later than I expected, but I, I'm I'm not blaming myself. You all made it awesome. Uh, you jammed it with amazing goodness. Now, the only thing more powerful than, uh, apparently.

Gay love is protein powder. I would argue the most powerful thing was being angry, um? And, and, um, identifying that hex, uh, opportunity. At the at the center Corridor, that was, that was inspiration. Well earned, I should say so. Um, the most important thing. So, I, uh. Phone here.

Over here. First thing I can say is just the the capacity that this game has for the party coming together, aiding the person to do the thing, and then the joy of getting to role nine dice. It just feels greating. Feels good because you're giving dice to one player, and then and then rolling on tonight to school, because rolling guys, yeah, okay, um, and so it was just like that was it, and then narratively it was a really cool moment.

Um, so what? What specifically are you thinking of because I like highlights to? Oh yeah, yeah, so I'm specifically talking about my my moment with the hex. Yeah, like, I dump all the resources in and got a DC you need to meet. Yeah, and just end the encounter. Yeah, and frankly, if it wasn't a one shot, I probably wouldn't have taken the the scar.

But like, but if you had failed and not done that, I wonder how you would have felt that would have been equally dramatic? Yeah, but it was just like it was just one of the same, and it was like might as well just add just one more dice at the cost of being unconscious.

Yeah, and not being able to help in the last check. Um, or I mean, I also didn't know that the place was gonna start crumbling. Come on, but that moment was just a great moment for me, and then also his just popping off at the end, um, just completely completely irrelevant rage Inception, uh, just toddling through.

Yeah, so it's just the the capacity that you have, where it's like, you get. E6. If everyone AIDS the same person, yeah, and it just gets stronger, the more people there are. Yeah, um. And so I really liked the overcoming the odds aspect. Because, like, sometimes you're like, oh, my gosh, there's 12 babies plus a grown man and a preteen girl that we need to save here and how we're gonna do it.

And finding a way to do that is, does it help stop actually cool, very loudly telegraphed? The difficulty by saying, I'm putting dice in front of you, look at him. That's yeah, that's really nice, usually with DD. It's like, secret, I like, I say, it's very difficult. Telegraphing helps, and then you're.

And you have to like, kind of, declare it. And roll, um, that too. As the game master, I have to kind of give up control a lot because I said 25, right, and then you're stacking. All these guys, I'm like, he's gonna get it. I there's like almost ghosts.

There's almost no suspense as far as I'm concerned, because I'm like, yeah, it's extremely unlikely that he fails, but at that point, it's too late for me. As the game master, I can't change that number anymore. Easy, but trade off. It does what Michael said. It gives you the ability to be like this is what we need to overcome.

Yeah, so yeah, and there's one thing that I would say, they say. The problem is a little bit more. Just ironing out is the kind of the encounter itself with the dice, and that kind of thing. I see what was fun or not anti-fun? I wouldn't say it's anti-fun.

I would just say a little clarification might be of some help here. So, one of the things one of the things I noticed two things were happening number one whenever it came to the game master rolling for the encounter. He would, however, many dice was out there, and that's what we needed to, um, to go after it.

Yeah, this is not a like, oh, this is a bad thing more along the lines of us sticking with this because I also noticed that sometimes, uh, you'll put the dice down that's kind of like, I'll just place them diced out. I don't care what number or anything like that, and that kind of looked and went hey, well, wait a minute.

Why not have it where you can, uh? I do either. Or, or you could do both in some cases where you can either have it or some dice you roll to add into the kind of or some are just set, or like, for example, let's say one of these one of the boss that you have here.

I don't, I don't know. Maybe one boss has a four dice or something like that, and it's set at. He said, uh, two sixes. And, oh, okay, I got Justin something like this. And that's just him. This is the boss. I guarantee that he's actually quite tough to take down to you, right?

More resource to do it. Yeah, actually. I got that comment from Jimmy in our first playtime, so I, I concur. I, in this case, it didn't feel necessary because the the spectral knights were kind of just one thing, right? And then, the babies were individuals and I, I wanted to be like three babies died.

Like, I wanted to break it out that way, but I agree that I could have made it less random. Yeah, right, yeah, you could. You could make it let, and I think that's something that you could you. You could Implement in the roles that you have is. For the game master, they have agency to either.

Yeah, make it random or not. Make it random, depending on what they really need for that story thought. So, the one thing I will say is? There's just. There's just something to be said about it's just. I don't know. I feel like it's too many dice, at least for this level, um.

Like? It like it felt like by the end of the session with all of the dice around the table. I felt like we were playing a high level campaign or session, and we were barely getting through it, or we were honestly breezing through it, but it was just like it felt high level because of how much dice there was.

I took one point of damage. I'm not worried. I'm not worried about numbers if I had reduced your the amount you roll for resolve or said that it wasn't a text. You couldn't quit on it or made it to where the incoming threat had guaranteed damage that went straight to your HP.

There are a lot of ways that I could have made it feel more threatening, so I'm not gonna worry about that too much. Yeah, but let's talk about number of dice. So, in the first flight test, the hit dice was basically halved. You view. I think your head dice was, like two, yeah, um.

And if you were a barbarian, you had three, and that was pretty swingy, and nobody complained about two twos. But the difference. And I did complain. So in, in that first session, the idea of thread dice that that attacked all players at once, wasn't there? So I had just like Daggard, just like d, just like systems that are way slower than what I want to be.

I had to manually declare Target, say this unit is going to attack you, then roll the dice, then compare it to your. It was called guard, but resolve, and then after that, declare if it like, didn't he damage you, and then Spotlight went back to players. It was very dagger Hardy, so went back and forth back and forth, back and forth.

And by doing that. It was both slower, and it meant that I could actually swing. It would be swinging in a bad way, or I could roll against the unit that only has like two or three dice, and then just crit and then deal a ton of damage. Yeah, this.

This system telegraphs the damage in advance, so you can at least protect against it. No, I, I like that aspect a lot. It's just, but it does double the number of days. The main issue to me, almost, is um, like, just how much is over there and then how easy it is for us to do against it?

Almost, I don't know. It's. It's one of those things where it's like, I feel like it's an issue that is going to. Require a very complicated solution that, in the end, will be much simpler than what we have now. Somehow, it's a lot of work to make it simpler without interesting rules.

Yeah, I, I can see that. Um, I was, I was gonna say. Now, I don't know if I did. If I was doing something wrong over here, because I think I was because? I was, my, my health, never got touched as, uh, the Rogue whatsoever. And I was, after a while, I was applying.

I was going. Wait a minute. Was there something that I needed to keep track of over here because I know we had the threat here, and that threat was supposed to essentially come after. It was a it y'all were saying it was so you, you generate resolve. Whenever I tell you to?

And then damage goes straight to the result first. So if you were not taking damage beyond that, then yeah, you, you took, you lost no Health in this session. Okay, um, yeah, because then that was the one thing I was just kind of. Nothing's happening to me. Okay, I'm just gonna continue to do what I'm doing over here.

They know the man behind the curtains. There's uh, where threat to make it less swingy. Can't crit but is high, higher, higher? Or no, it's the same, and can't crit. And players roll less result and resolve. Can't crit, these are all not. These are not no longer checks, they're just rolls.

That would make it that would bring down the number of dice twice. Fewer thread dice, fewer resolved ice, and, and you're still equally as in danger. I, like, I understand. I like that threatening crit. I'll just say that. Yeah, threat did give a texture to the fight. I mean, it gave you a reason to defend him, which was.

But like. Also, you get to make big number the boom, and that's all. Yeah, that was fun, but it's just the I think the the concern that I have right now is, like, I don't know if a level one character should at any point right now be able to roll as many dices I did.

Um, yeah. So, I mean, okay, but it's just like, where, where is it going to grow from here? Like, cuz I'm going to. That's, that's the thing. Like, I heaps like, well, so the, if we're talking, what actually affects dice rolled, you have to play. 30 hours, and then you get one extra die on every roll, and then you play another 30 hours.

You get one extra diameter, but the the the point. And that's it. By the way, at level 10, it's over. So, the point that I'm making here, just though, is that that's not gonna feel like much more, yeah? Um, since, since like you, you predict that players will want to feel as though they're scaling in power by Rolling more dice, and that if yeah proportions are out of whack, they won't feel like they're getting more powerful.

Yeah, I like, cuz I, I notice that, like, rolling two dice making a flat check. It doesn't feel as good, and it was, like, that's by Design. It's supposed to be kind of weak, but the other issue is that there are many times where it's just like when I'm so used to Rolling four dice for because of the, uh, boost two or whatever reason or I'm getting aided twice or whatever, and I'm doing something that is specifically really hard, which happens regularly then.

I'm really only. More dice and rolling three dice normally like that's that's normal. Because of this, the way this system works, and then I almost am avoiding doing anything that just makes me roll two dice because I, I feel like it's gonna fail because it's just two dust and just the the at least for me mentally.

Cognitively, I don't want to do that. I don't want to do something if I'm pretty sure it's going to fail, and if I roll two dice, I'm pretty sure it's okay. Interesting, um? I don't know if anybody else felt that way. No, I, I felt that we had the first.

I think I have a good point there. I think one of the other things, though, is, um. Regardless of whether or not you're doing two dice or four dice, there's still a contributing factor that's happening. And let me let me demonstrate that real fast, so let's say, for example, we have.

Uh, this sixth fret box right here. Okay, so? We're running out of cars. We're got. We got no other resources here. I roll two dice. That was freaking amazing, because so there's this thing that can happen right here.

Hey, did you cook these guys? I didn't know, right? So, I mean, I mean, I'm sorry. That is so funny. I was trying to basically point out, like, okay, you know what, you know, what? Let's just do this. Let's just say, I don't know, I roll the seven. What is this?

Keep it simple. Keep it crab shoots here, so I still contributed because I could easily have reduced down like this. They're still looks like, if you should be, I think, made. It's just not as big of a concert. Well, I think the the difficulty that I'm I'm seeing here is when we're not when we don't have a goal um or or I'm trying to do something that requires a specific number to beat, and like, you know, I not only as a level one character.

I guess, like in a maybe game design point, it's like I should not be faced with the dc25 something, nor should I be able to beat it. Okay, yeah, fair point, like, so, should I have? This is more of a game master thing because I made that up. That's not another.

Yeah, I said 25, and you MD encounter. Should I have well, I can think of two reasons why I, no, I, I don't disagree with the game mastering choice. It's just the like, I, the the capabilities shouldn't be that swingy. I feel like I, I inclined to agree, but maybe in a way you don't expect.

So, um, if the issue is I'll I'll use the word inflation that that the idea is that because dice are so plentiful that it kind of feels bad when you don't have access to all of them because there's this, like, implicit, expectation. Yeah, now, all of you got some dopamine from a lot of dice.

If I retune the game and new players come to the table and they expect three dice to be like a lot. Well, how do we do that? There's two main things that contribute to a lot of dice being well outside of. It's because technically a level one, the most you can ever roll with a base check is four as well, demonstrated by by evidence.

So that is the most dice. You can roll period. Now, what I said was, I want players to help each other. I'm going to give them the minimum amount possible, which is a D6 if they discard a car from your hand, so that's a cost. Yeah, here's what I've learned one.

You said as yourself, the more players the stronger. That is, so a level one character in a party of two is weirdly just straight up weaker than the level one character and a party of seven. So, how do I balance that easy? I said, just make it to where only one person in age.

That's that's what I was thinking. So, at most, now you have. So, before the roll, you have three dice. Can you age yourself? No tough beans. You can't age yourself. Um, another person can age you, you can't age yourself. Um, so now you have three dice. So now, this was, oh, you didn't get this version of the player primer.

I edited this out. There used to be a DC l. Is shown. Basically, I did some hard maths, and I realized players are going to come in, thinking that's like a five is easy, and a 15 is like medium, and a 25 is very difficult. The numbers are actually you slide down, assuming even with my crit system, where you remove ones really.

You gain crit on sixes. I did an extended mathematical analysis on the average role, and it turns out that a hard roll is to 13. So like a 20 in DND would be a 13 in my system. Yes, with two dots. Now that changes when you add one, that's okay.

I want that. So, in this case? I, I would tell players in advance. Hey, a 13, that's horror and a nine that's medium difficulty for level one. Um, and as a result 13, can you get it well in this game? Well, yeah, can you, yeah, 14. So that would still feel pretty good, though, because you'd be like, oh, man, but it's not seven.

So, I think something that I actually wrote down while we were playing is, in my opinion, and this would probably go against what I was saying earlier with more dice or whatever, uh, but also would be out of specific goal encounters. Is that when we're making a check? What if instead of making a DC you, the difficulty was the number of dice you rolled against a check?

So, everything's like a contested role, and then you try it like you would the player would treat what you rolled, like a goal. So, like the way we did a group skill check. Just make every single check that, and yeah, it might. It might make it a little bit sluggish, uh, which is the.

That's the immediate concern that I would have with that, uh, thing, but it would. I don't even know that law, but like. So, if you said, let me do Easter eggs, I would say, okay, difficulty is that. I don't think that actually takes that long. Yeah, so you now know, and then I would have to get a six, or like, you know, like, treat it like I would the goal, um, that you that we did their for encounters?

Uh, and why, what does this solve? I, so there is, I will say, as a GM, there is some value in keeping DC secret based on things that can or can't happen, and sometimes for like story-based reasons you can't really see in advance. This system leads heavily in giving players more information.

Yeah, but so, I mean, it would basically almost completely remove your ability to have it secret unless you have you roll it behind the screen, which just takes all the fun out of it. I would I would be okay with that thought. Yeah, would I maybe not takes all the fun out of it?

Uh, but what what? So my my goal for this discussion is follow the fun. What are we gaining in fun? Or what? For one thing, I actually love doing that little thing of. Oh, I'm gonna take out this die. I'm gonna take out this die and like, or making it work like, there's just that little bit of strategy to it.

That is honestly, really fun. To me, making every check do, that could add to the fact that I would follow the, um, if I may I want to ever see it real fast. Sure, one of the things I wanted to mention. Yep, with regards to the Bond and font, this was actually really easy to play.

Um, and of course, the benefit of the GM made a funny moment, and that kind of thing. Um, this, I don't think I think this is fine the way it works, but this one I had a really hard time trying to play this card like just playing instinct cards to do stuff.

But yeah, it's essentially because because the bond card has a lot. It has some wording in it that requires specific. Those are those are already getting changed. Okay, I'll tell you my vision, you tell me, yeah. So, what I want so, but okay, floor is pretty easy. Stories are fun when they're hiccups along the way.

And, yeah, flockhart bass, the player into saying, here's a bad thing that I do. And then, that's fun. That's interesting. I will repeat my feedback from the first session, which is, I think we could take two Applause all right, maybe, but I think they're fun. So, so what is?

The goal is the goal of a bond card, cuz I could just say, get out, right. Give all the bond card is to organically push players to have a one-on-one with someone else at the table. So, that's why this says find someone else, and it could be an NPC, but predominantly supposed to be players player so mechanically what I was trying to do is go.

Hey, do a thing with someone else. And as as? From war, you both get a boost dive that you hold on to until you use it, so that is what it was. I think your stem prompts are just a little bit too abstract. I don't think that was, what was, I don't think that's what was hurting his ability to use it?

Or maybe I'm wrong? The stem is, like, the fill in the blank here. I'm about this, I mean, no, the salmon. It's mostly someone who has done X okay, right? Well, there, in here it says, well, it says to your finds, something another character hasn't, yeah, bring it to them.

If the moment happens, you both gave us one. Let's Workshop it, um? So, shark bite is actually a little abstract, but let's do, um, what? Well, I have the spark, and I again, I feel like I have to kind of twist things around to pull it in. Yeah, find someone who is quiet or pulled inward, light them back up if the moment happens broken.

But one to me, they feel a little too organized, I get you. Yeah, I get your. No, they're too prescriptive, so if it's not there. How do you jam it into a scene? Yeah, because I don't want it to be a dead draw so? I, I'm literally. I'm just been following.

I'm obviously it is. It could be that it is an action birthday. That the language of the card does not say find someone who is X, which is out of your control, and instead it is written, start a conversation in which you do, why with another player, and if they blah, blah, blah, then you both gain a boost.

I mean, that, is it. That is slightly better because you completely control it. So, then the question I have is, let's say, and the goal here is mainly fun. But in this specific case, it's player to player interaction character. So, if we want that and we want to encourage player to player care, uh, I would argue that maybe this boost?

One is something that you can hold on to kind of like an inspiration. It is, as it works, that is hang on to it, and then if a situation but not from just for the entire session, kind of instead of like a senior for scene type of thing, because that was something that I was noticing was.

Um, I've it just seemed like that. Whenever I got this card, yeah, I couldn't find an appropriate spot to put it into the situation I, I kind of had to wait until somebody said, oh yeah, the door, and I went you mind if I can take that idea. Maybe use this card here, please?

Yep, I agree. I always spend some as well, so I, I think I'm on board. I was already going to reach right, though, but uh, I'm on board changing it. So, let me let me ask an honest question. Please don't think you're hurting my feelings. Oh my gosh, I don't care, but.

Should I scrap him entirely? Should something like a bond card exist in in your deck? It's a card that you draw. Maybe? So, it feels like flaws are set up in opposition to bonds to a certain degree. Yeah. So, maybe instead of like having a bond, it's it's more like a.

Like, it's what? Obviously, it's from d d bonds flaws. Yep, yeah, ideals. Maybe it's like, maybe it's like a virgin in the vice. Like, oh, like, or like, like, that kind of thing. So, like? I hurt you. Um, I'm okay, with a card being like something you believe in, perhaps.

But like you, you actually from an ideal. Well, the virtues are. I feel like people develop the spawn. I mean, yes, so I'm open to that, but I, I'm still in the boat of, and this is where I'm pulling my only audience, which is the six of you that I've ever played, um.

Do bond cards deserve to be in the game. As you would experience, I know they really liked my bond card. Oh yeah, mine mine was loyal to a fault, um, and it it, in my opinion, like I broke my backstory on it, which was a group of clouds protected me from Bandits who killed my parents like, and it was just like, or I decided I'd never leave someone alone in it after that, and it was just like it makes a lot of sense.

For my character, it deepened the character. There was the end of the moment, and it was just like I, and it affected my decisions as a character, and I didn't even have it in my hand once, uh, that is part of my intention. It was like stubborn versus study hands like, for me, I was like, these are I, I didn't get either of them in my hand, but I was, like, you know, like?

Like, I'm gonna play this as it's like a little bit more stoic. But also like. So, one of the thoughts I had is, why not have the bond sit out here in kind of like the core area and essentially have it to where you can be able to talk to somebody one-on-one, especially since their reaction.

Yeah, the react. So, so it kind of makes it as part of the core. Yeah, I mean, you are your bonds. Yeah, I think maybe, like, what did I miss? And then, depending on what bonds you have, you might have a pool of to draw from. So, like, yeah, you might have stubborn.

You might have sharp eye. Sure, that kind of, you know what. I think it would also be fun if it was kind of like the patron where after you use it the first time, it goes into your deck. Yeah, oh, I like that idea, so basically stay in your active area.

We're talking about Bond cards, right? Yes, to be persistent potentially. Okay, yeah. So basically, if you use it, the idea is, it sits out here. When you use it, you put it back, because, frankly, I think the main concern is that most of these bonds, the? The the prerequisite that it has as a reaction is really, really specific.

I'm I already agree, let's imagine already that we've Rewritten it to be much more open-ended. I was trying to give an example, so if it was the spark instead of, find someone who happens to be closed off. It would be something more like, um, think of a way that you so that you're the one initiated.

You're not waiting for someone else that you can give the spark to someone else and issue that conversation, and then both of you receive a group. So let's, let's already imagine a new version of the game where I've made that change the cards, but nothing else has changed. It's exactly the same, just the lame the room.

The prerequisite has changed to me. That's fine. Yeah, that's fine. You're saying's fine. Okay, we gotta try it, right? Yeah, it's so hard. It's like, I go, I think that'll work in a session, but we saw how crazy off the rails. This went almost immediately. Cards is super crazy, which by the way is the exactly what it was.

That is exactly what I want, and so this is like this was a point that I wanted to make basically a couple. Conversation Cycles ago. Actually, when we were talking about the dice, like there being a lot of dice, making checks where we're rolling a lot of things is that it makes me think about like the hand economy where it felt like there wasn't really a downside to, like dumping my hand and like double playing to be like, oh, I'm gonna play this and then boost it.

And then I'm just gonna boost this person, and then I'm out of my cards. I was thinking about it for someone in a scene, like it felt cheap to Aid, and I'm trying to think about why, because, like it did, feel it does feel bad to have an empty hand, right?

Like, this is kind of a bummer to have time, though. Every time I reached an empty hand, I was kind of satisfied. Yeah, I, I like, I, not only the the thing, the the dichotomy is, yeah, I can't do cool stuff anymore, but almost, uh, like you said earlier as we were eating, it was like the scenes.

Version are only about as long as the hand is, regardless. Yeah, like that's the, that's the goal. Yeah, and so for me. Like, I know that once I'm empty once, I'm empty-handed. Then, like? I don't have to wait that long to get a new hand. Yeah, GM guy says once you see that players have two or fewer cards, you should think about transitioning to the next scene unless you want them to feel start.

And that, and I told you that, in the very first scene, I maybe should have saved it for later. But, like, I was like, hey, just, you know, this is not it, but the thing is, every time I played a card, it felt good. And I mean, that that makes me feel great.

And when I played my last card, I didn't feel like, oh, man, I wish I had more cards. It was like, I did. I used my hand well, and I dealt with. I worked with what I was dealt very well. I feel like, like, every time I finished my hand, I felt like I played well.

I did a lot of stuff, and it was fun. Yeah. And so I kind of had the opposite, um, thing happened with me, because what happened was with my hand. I had, uh, a lot of cards that were very much. I play something resolves. There wasn't any kind of like chain combo that, uh, this.

But like, but basically with what, um, you were saying, like being able to play around and that kind of right, I think with patreon, you were fighting to use all your cards I was having. I was actually finding it hard to use all my cards. I'd be really strategic about where everything went.

Did you find that it was difficult to Aid allies based on the language checker cards or just that you wanted to use them as actions instead, and you weren't finding the opportunities to do that more of that more of the I I, I saw them as actions, and I just didn't find an opportunity.

Yeah, for me, I had a lot of actions in my hand, which was mine the like, like the Warlock actions problems, or that they can be a little bit more scenario specific, so it is hard, especially if we're doing something that doesn't have enemies involved. Like, you're trying to open the door.

Well, it's like I can choose a Target and gain. Yeah, like, it's actually kind of dollhouse. How hard it was to open that door. Yeah, for some reason. Had the this, that was the only time y'all rolled poorly. So, I, I was actually okay with that. As far as I'm good.

Well, I also didn't have the lock pick which, like I, essentially I had to use my actually. I success card for the door. Yeah, it was, it was, it was so hilarious. I made it. I made it fair, though. I basically went. Okay, yeah, I think he's just remarking on how it felt as like comedically as a group to disrupt about the door.

Yeah, yeah, he was using all this other crazy stuff. It again. For me, it was kind of like you said that we saw it into the room, and so I think my brain didn't expect that there was a door there and then all of a sort of mine. Did you wanted to go in and then there was?

And then, I was, like, wait, I dumped half my hand already. And, like, yeah, yeah, um. But what I'm wondering about with like this, this different and kind of like difference in how we're feeling about our hands and the flexibility of the cards is that I'm just gonna throw something out there, which is, I wonder if maybe you guys are more focused on the content of the card than we potentially were, right?

And like, you might be the word structures in terms of how you want to use the card words. I was very comfortable just being like, does this apply kind of and just throwing it out there and being like, can I do this thing? Yeah, to support his hex spell, and it's like, sure, why not, like, my like mine were very specific.

Like, you take something they needed from siphon. In fact, performance spellcast on success name. One thing at Target has composure resolve and mentioned leverage. You use that card really well, but like the cards I have were like Eldred strike, and it was like, like, there's really no difference between me hitting it.

Here, or hitting it with an elderly strike like it doesn't. Oh, I see, can I see that gun, particularly Eldridge strike, is not honestly. That card wasn't worth playing, because yeah, yeah. It uses your health pool, and like, there are other things you can use that on. I think I don't know if this is a kind of feedback you're looking for.

Uh, when it comes to these, yeah, but I, I like, I think it would be better for warlock's, um, like, hit dice thing to reduce hit dice, as it put like to, like, bring it down one or two. Yeah, instead of removing it entirely, yeah, um? Did, because, oh, the only eye, wait, show me show me the language of, um, pact your core card on using it dice.

Um, because, and then I feed the fire. Oh, no. Um. Feed the fire and Eldridge Blaster Eldridge strike. Both of them required you. You'd remove an entire hit die, and I was like, I'm not going to use these spells for anything other than aiding myself. Okay, I hope it was low enough.

So, like, yeah, theoretically, I could use this because it doesn't matter. Yeah, so for, uh, two comments, one is the, um, first, if there any core? Uh, statements on class feel via your two core class abilities. This is a good time to talk about that, I we balance, whatever.

But I mean like feeling because I, for example, retribution felt really Niche and hard to use. Um, yeah, or maybe I'm crazy, um, so that that is a good thing for me to look. I want your two core abilities to be something that you're always thinking about in every scene and in general, just, you know, my philosophy.

Every class gets one. I cheat the card economy of the game in this unique way, and then the second is a little more vague, but it's I inflict a unique ability or effect on the checks or the units on the field. Um, and so. Not that I have to stick to those, but the point is, I would receive feedback on that.

I'm now realizing that when I ran this the first time that I told Jordan this, instead of writing it on the card, and this is my bad. Pack is supposed. It says it says the word gamble right here. Yeah, so practice supposed to read that when you use your hit die to add it to a role.

You roll it. Yeah, and if that die, the dye that you SP the dice you spend, uh, with your pack, if those crits they go back to your card. So, in other words, if you take one off of your hit dice. Because it's your lowest hit die, and you use it on a check.

You have a one in six chance for it to turn into a six and come back to you. Um, so it's oh, I mean, even the even then it's a one. It's although Jordan somehow hit it two out of seven times, and that was good from weirdly from a healing perspective.

So he was the only person who could heal in any way. I mean, I had, uh, I, I have deprived you of your healing classes. Yes, I had, uh, what was it, uh, like, drain life? So, like I can? Like, we're covering one last hit die from every other.

So, like, like, more like, has like a healing option to me, like. I'm not going to use this unless I'm just really desperate. This is not something I thought about too scary. No, not even too scary. I just didn't feel useful. Oh, I bet. That's because this, sorry. I'm comparing the first place.

I mean, I shouldn't do this as much, but I bet the reason you wanted to use it less was probably because back to our earlier conversation. Dice were so plentiful in this session compared to the first one, I mean, sure. But also, you've explained any of your hit dice, uh, their face value directly to the check or roll them as part of it, sure.

But like, once I use that health, like, it's gone like, I might as well, just. Take the hit from that. Like it, like, it's like, I'm losing Health either way. Yeah, it would have to be when you really think you need it for like a particular threshold? Yeah, like, like, but I will say it.

I feel like I only use it as I was, like, very desperate. I think it makes more sense to me to like, have it be like a reduction, and however amount you reduce the dice by is added to the role. It's like a shaving off rather than complete loss because this is, like, oh well, the dice is gone, but the dice is still there.

So, like riskers, maybe. What you could do is instead of using specific hit dice, you could also use, um. Resolve instead. Cuz. Um, like, while that's that is a huge risk, something you can spend, but it it will. It is theoretically replenishing as we enter new encounters, right? Um, I, it's in the notes.

Now that we've said it out loud, so I will genuinely take that into consideration. Yeah, I think this card needs to be fixed because it says fill a 10 foot area with smoke, but then it has a little crip thing in here that says double the area, and I'm are you supposed to roll for this, or is this something that?

Yeah, it was supposed to say, perform an item check. Okay, I gotcha. Yeah, some of this I made. I made those items today, so some of them are not up to date, but generally every mate, every action in the game unless it says otherwise couple days and check okay, uh, I certainly need to get those great effects because there's no other way to do that.

So, um, yeah, you're good. Something about because I'm thinking about the card retribution. The fact that I never used it, uh, which honestly? Forgot about it. Generally, I'd like, genuinely forgot. It was like a thing in my toolkit that I could use. Yeah, plenty of times. Um, but I'm I'm thinking about reactions.

A lot of times, the reaction cards in my hand felt hard to use in a way that in the first play test, I was like, I wish I had more reactions because I want to be able to react to things that are happening. In this play test, I was like, I'm not sure how to use my reactions, but I think it actually has to do with the threat resolution mechanic because I'm like, when am I reacting to that happening?

And, like, I'm actually reacting to the threat by choosing to use my action to, like, defend, or attack. Yeah, how I'm going to interact with that in a lot of my my reactions of when someone loses a hit dice. Yeah, once someone gets harmed, we ended up clearing all those.

Anyway, I almost feel like I never took down. Some of the reactions would just be better off as actions, and they do the same thing. Uh, well, that would make it much weaker. A reaction is effectively a free action if you, if you meet the condition so, uh, yeah, I, I would.

Yeah, I don't know. I, I, no, that? That's a. That's an interesting side effect of threat being eventually, essentially resolved simultaneously. Is that you know what, when, when in the stack do you do? I do this, right? And my hunch is. My hunch is that I could solve that just by rewriting the cards that like the core abilities, even his reactions still work.

But, but imagine that retribution simply said, whenever you see threat. You may do X, and so that's to you. That's to, uh, the princess that's to, you know, his corpse, uh, like, or unconscious body, uh, uh, that just rewriting it immediately tells you when you can do it. And yeah, I think that will stop being a problem.

It was not. Yeah, in place for this, but I will say, I'm gonna, I'm gonna say out loud before I forget because I'm I'll say goodbye. I'll take a photo and say goodbye to y'all and um, so major takeaways that are unique for me with this particular podcast. So, we went from three players to four players, um, in general.

We had discussed how we wanted Aid cards to work, and as far as major takeaways, I was actually very satisfied with the feed. The story feeling of Aid, I once again. I shouldn't doubt this, but once again, I really was impressed with how, uh, it felt effortless for players to come up with ways to use the cards in their hand to uniquely describe the way they're benefiting allies attempt.

And it felt, I know, we talk about too many Dyson. I think if we fix the inflation thing, that that can be paired out, but that felt both fun and thematic. It felt story oriented, which was really interesting. Um, the second thing, my second major takeaway, was pretty close to your comment on.

It felt good to see dice get knocked down. Here's the threat or the. Objective. Here's like the thing we need to clear, and then watching everyone work together to accomplish that. Yeah, um, I'm gonna say this now, I said this earlier in general. I don't think that status effects do enough to Warrant them being codified in the first version of this playlist.

They were basically like made up words with the GM. Just decided whether it did anything and then represented that by manipulating the dice, we did rooted and exposed and didn't really do anything. So, I'm gonna remove that from the next play test, um, uh, in terms of like practical takeaways.

And then we talked a little bit about the nichness of cards, the niche reactions or core abilities and Niche Bond cards, and I, I'm already doing a rewrite of the bond cards. Um, but I want to make it to where it is clearly something you can more easily initiate.

We talked about, um, number of dies or too many dice. And also, you know how many cards are in hand, how expensive it is to use cards to do, particular effects. I do think a very simple change that will fix multiple of these problems is just capping the number of Aid actions.

Currently, I want to see how it feels to what like one from, and it can't be from yourself, I.E an ally. Yeah, it has to help you in order for it to be boosted. Um, you can still get inspiration from the GM, um, but what that means is I?

It allows me to, uh, reduce back down. That's why I say inflation I can now in response to that reduce the DC of these kinds of checks back down to something that might not earlier showed would be reasonable. 13 should be hard, like row 20 and a 15 or 17 should be seen as like that 25 I gave you earlier.

Um, I'm sorry, I keep breaking your core cards because the cascading frenzy was, so that part did it that that card didn't change from the first play test and the reason it was that way was for two main things. One more dice, obviously, is just going to make it happen more, and I decided mid-session that, um, failures on attack roles in combat, or like the the, when, when a die only does the single tick against these dice mounted as failing because it felt intuitive, and that was a huge aspect of your, uh, I think, chaining, maybe keeping it just to ones count as failures?

Uh, yeah, that would work that would fix the problem pretty easily, uh, cuz if you keep the number at well. So, if I make the changes I mentioned earlier? Heat, the Barbarian. We'll just be rolling fewer dice anyways so I could keep it at six and then make it harder to hit.

I eat only once I could raise it and then change the conditions of what failure means. But also just say, oh, you said this earlier, but it could just be that it depletes the pool. Yeah, so yeah, you know it. It housed the pool, and so I think that's the I think, because you keep three of it, you just get yeah.

Like you started halfway, you did make that change between them because I don't remember Jimmy keeping. Uh, no, that's how it was written originally, that that's unchanged, uh? But if we drop? The the idea is that you take the rate you throw it into the action. Yeah, so I don't want, unless, I mean, maybe, I mean, I don't want you to throw six dice into the action.

Um, I'm so glad I. I was excited to see the connection, uh? I, I want throwing six dice. In an economy where in general players rolling Huber dice, it's for a random action and may not even be good. It is also hilarious. Maybe that's okay, maybe it's okay, uh?

Or maybe it's just like you take four. I was gonna say, maybe it's maybe it's all of the Dyson. It's Max of four. Yeah, um, because I feel like that's like a kind of an in between, it's just it's just a line of text that says, remove all dice, add, boost three, or boost four to your do that to that, yeah, of whatever it is.

But then, why am I holding? Yeah, I guess the holding the dice is just like a marker. Yeah, it's just a Tracker at that point. Yeah, um. There'd be nothing stopping us from, like. Taking you slide it along your car, like how some cards are designed. One thing other games, um, one thing that I do want to say, um.

Going back to my suggestion of making every check a contested and doing the look. Yeah, yeah, the door would have been a lot more. A lot less frustrating for us. I guess I don't know if it was frustrating. It was, it was funny. We were rolling blows, funny. But like, we were rolling really low, but it's just like it was just kind of like, frankly, the whole reason I even attempted to open the door was so that I could use my packed, uh, thing, because I knew it would guaranteed work.

And it was just like, frankly, I don't know if we're gonna even succeed at all. If I don't do this whereas, I feel like if it were something like that, and it's like it's a hefty door. Yeah, and there's not like a way that was really advertised for us to open it, which is always frustrating others.

I guess we just have to beat it down, though, and if you could have missed something, I didn't prepare any notes for this session. I, I could have had more content. I would have imagined that if I just say it's hard, you'd come up with something more interesting than me.

Yeah, well, yeah, I guess what was funny is that I kind of had when I first was, like, okay, allows up the stairs. I kind of imagined. There would be a door up there, or do you like bash us down the door? That's just like strike action. I was making up the geometry.

That's our yeah. Absolutely. Um, so, yeah, the door. Like game system issues. I don't think this is a game, I just I, I think one of the the issues that I think my suggestion fixes is just the fact that we're going back and forth between caring about totals and caring about the individual dice values.

Um. Like, um, for, like, when we're in combat, we don't care about toggles. We just care about individual dice values, and we're comparing them and doing that. And I honestly, really, really like that as a system Baseline, um. And then I, I don't mind caring about dice totals, um?

The, I guess the, the difference I will say about that, though, is with one of them increased a dice rolling. Is it it affects? It makes it better where the other one rolling more dice means everything. So, like, physically more dice because it's not the numerical value. Yeah, I, I guess, rolling more dice makes it more likely to curb, which increase your numerical value.

But, like, yeah, I, I can see. But, like, you know, when we're rolling because one dice can only take out one mix. Yeah, which is good, and I like that, and it's interesting, um. But that means the more dice you roll, the more you can take care of the objective.

And it feels great to do that. And like, every time. Any of us got to do oil take at this point, like I was even engaged with just watching you. Do it, watching you, do it or you with your one die left. And then he gets to, uh, what did you do like your counter attack on him because he was a retribution or whatever it was.

Yeah, but it was just like it was, it was fun. And for me. As a player who's not even doing anything right now, who's unconscious to watch? That's, that's great. And like, that was actually something I wasn't really expecting to be. Like, I was perfectly fine, unconscious, because it was just engaging to watch.

But a little fun, like helping each other a little bit too. Yeah, something like that, but it's just I, I almost feel like the when, when it's closed door when there's so much of the game that's not behind closed doors that when it is when it when it is behind a closed door and it literally.

The door is the main culprit of this. It's just like I almost felt helpless because of it. Um, and because we kept failing, we kept rolling low, and it was just like, I don't know what number we need, and so if I knew it was a 13 check, maybe that's what you were looking for.

But yeah. I'm going to put aside some notes that, uh, what is failure? What a success. When you're chipping away at dies, that was something that came up with both rage and with, like your, you know, if you feel succeed, but instead, I'm gonna Focus just on the thought of why can't everything just be a skill?

Check the way that we did it with it with both group skill checks and the way that combat kind of feels matching dice. Crazy thing is, I'll speak. Honestly, I can't think of any compelling reason other than it's sometimes. I have to keep, uh, DC's close to the chest.

So, if I'm playing through that real quick in my mind, I'm like, okay, um. Me, medium medium door, um, I would probably be like, I guess, slightly harder than a than like a single player like this. This, in my mind is like kind of two people can do this so that I would take four D6 and I put it there.

And by the way, for things like difficulty checks. And just said the word. Check it, like triggers me, and I maybe I want to think about cribs or not. Maybe honestly, why not? That's exciting. Because if I roll a bunch of sixes, then it's like, oh, snap. It's a big door, and if I roll a bunch of ones, and it's like falling over.

So okay, here it is. You now know it. Yeah, um, just like in combat. Although we're not doing a bunch of action simultaneously, it's up to you. Here's, yeah, I still you see the. Also, I did really like the drawback of, depending on how we're getting rid of those dice there.

We're waking babies up. Like, I liked that aspect. Yeah, that that I will put a point in the GM column that is me going. How do I make it to where your failed attempts progress the scene. Now, thankfully, there's a built-in system toll. It's like repeatedly failing does. Over time, making me more powerful.

Yeah, I love that fear system for daggart, but also, I was, like, yeah, story wise, you're waking them up. So, uh, here you go, and I was visually telling you how dangerous the upcoming counter would be as a direct result of your failures. I would. I would just say that the the door was the only time I felt frustrated with my hand where I felt like I did have cards that applied to it that applied to that situation, and because I had two reaction cards that were both like combat reactions of like, and you're like, you know, just get his door.

Yeah, literally. I was, like, I know there is an encounter coming up in this room, and that's okay. My system is intended for people to kind of metagame around that sort of stuff. That's yeah, for, like the, uh, the ranger literally calls their shot by putting trap cards down with the expectation is something happening in the next scene.

So, yeah, I guess I'll use throw because I'm trolling 2d6s, and those aren't really working. But wait, I like, like, throw doesn't actually buff, I. Role. It's actually still just a 2d6 roll. There might be a little bit of strategy there, but the door looks like this, and it is clear that failure could result in me progressing some bad thing you might actually decide.

Is it time to use a card here, and should I age you with that? Because if you do it all at once, I eat one action good. No more babies, but if you're down to like that. If that's the remainder of the door, that's actually a bit of a.

It's a resource management question, but you're like, do we use a card on this. Can I just do like, I'm gonna attack? And the answer is, yeah, you can. You can keep you hold on apart. Now, it'll give the enemy another turn, so to speak. I progress the counter or whatever, but yeah, I so until that happens until yeah.

I did not intend that when I sold a Nimble combat system and then just ported it into the basic way that checks work, but I personally love that I love. Did you always fail and generally always succeed on any on any role? Um, if the numbers are right, so I got a question to ask, um, second dice in there, please.

One of the things that, um, oh wait and. Keep talking, but I'm gonna take one because I forgot. Last time we kept on doing this, we would give the whole the dice itself, but then we would individually.