To include you, teaching yourself, the basics of this game. I want the system to be something that is easy for another game to learn and his keys to their group. But actually created a bit of like a, a read-along that will make it easy for you to learn the basic rules before our first scene begins.

So I'm going to tell each of you, some things that are not actually printed in your deck that would represent out your characters. Imagined that there was like a play reference card for each class. I'm going to tell you a bonus item Parts because you your bag of tricks ability allows you to cycle items and gameplay.

So there's a couple of unique things I'm going to tell you that. Now that would be on the card but the second thing is read through. It's about five pages of stuff. I promise you, you don't need to memorize all of it. Before we get started, I detention removed anything, but I'll be teaching along the way, but if you have questions, but I'm going to challenge you to do. Ask those questions for now.

But while that's happening that list will also tell you all of these things that you should get and so you'll be building your characters in accordance with that kind of flow using two stacks of cards in front of you. Got the link here. I think I actually did it earlier. Yeah, if you wake up Discord on your phone, otherwise I can text it to you.

This is that player for the rapid prototyping, the cards you don't need to do this but you're really interested. You can search for any card and tap on it and you keep the leave comments on it again about the core gameplay. But the one thing you should do I was never invited then.

Let's see here.

So when you get there across the top there's one golf player primer. Just a page I can do it, but yeah, there's no so When you click on play primer, this is what you're reading here. It's just a page that teaches you everything at the bottom is a glossary of terms.

You might be in gameplay, the club examples of stuff, but in short 5 Section, you'll see there and it will teach you kind of everything you need to know. And this is the weird part. For me. I'm going to intentionally Why is this a deck builder or PG? Essentially at level one, you just walk into every scene with that entire deck when you long rest in the future that are, does this, you can swap cars in and out with that mechanic or just you just have your dad.

Can I prepare for answering questions? The goal is that as you're reading this on your own, you ask each other questions and see if someone, but they would help hearing it talked out loud on the transcript will help me to know what is clear. And not clear, which is super helpful.

If I will, I will challenge you to feed yourselves. May I don't have five never log into just broke my phone. I will do it right now too. I got the link and then get your number.

Okay. What is that number 326-7689?

And then here's my name.

You may have a nice day. I do also have all the dice we need for today, but you should use your own if you like them. And your name. Initialize really.

This game will will give you a lot.

I think the top right.

Craigslist McAllen.

I process feels complicated.

He listened to the audio back in your life.

Already more than I get, put into my DM.

I'm resisting so hard the Earth. I will no longer you leave the remote.

Pennsylvania stops recording video.

Driving later.

Are you ready? Understanding of what they're reading. Then we can actually talk out loud. Do you want us to go?

7 is Gleevec. Which is a good indicator. Second timer.

Are we doing quick or full ending on whatever else were testing? So we'll build and all slightly more involved, way of flushing out who your character is. So if you feel like we're ready to get started on the character builds at that point is we're just like any other cuz we talked about the kind of characters are interested in playing.

For the record, I'm going to have your names on these and folding with little front of you could back, you are, but We are going to play. So if the story is All of You Were wrestlers competing in the Royal Royale WWE tournament in the king's Palace where print Macho, who may or may not be my.

So we are to see that is going to excuse all of you of doping. A kingdom of wrestler wrestler 15 Autos. In one of these only thing that unites all of your characters is that you're into wrestling or have rattled cuz that's going to put you in the ring when you get arrested.

If a bad guy, are you? When you are in the tournament?

State neighbor, not and then sort of like why why your r o y your warlock any any justification and all of them start off with this when it comes up but we don't have a boyfriend yet, choosing your oath or your warlock patrons actually shape. Quite a lot of stuff that theme around your character request for you to do whatever you want.

I have a guy you want to play.

Oh my God. Hey, welcome. Hi, how are you? My name is Joe. I was just think about that, but we make up our characters, imma bring you the link that I was reading some of the basic rules of gameplay. Promise you, I'm going to teach everything anyways, but it is a bonus.

You don't have to memorize it, you will get to play today. Is this warlock class, right?

Is all of you are wrestlers and a fantasy wrestling ring. The prince has accused you of doping, you've been thrown in prison and you need to break out of jail. Stop the crowning ceremony for this corrupt, Prince, and win the day and prove that you would fact that you were not joking.

The whole time, your power is all natural or the kids were warlock or warlock or Paladin wrestler this where you might want to look at your oats and pick one of them and then you would do the same for your shrimp. Explain themselves exactly as much as they're meant to if you're like, I don't know what the undying.

One means the Patriot, good, make it up to you like my undying. One is my late wife, who's deceased and her ghost haunts me every day, like, perfect. That's bad. Isn't that as a warlock Patron? If I've ever heard one. So I'm looking for one of the key word, Patron mean help you with one small thing.

So everything else that ability cards are you have to main course?

For me, this is one of your two court cards. You will one of these choices for your other four. And I'm not giving anyone else, is ready to describe. Tell me about your wrestlers.

At first, I was thinking maybe his stage name to be like a bear or wolf or something.

O'Reilly no we're never going to see him, and I don't know I like to say this is a lighter silly or quick style. One shot where you know I would not expect super high drama. Is your fence. I understand like when you're sitting there by yourself, if you thoughts on, you are James.

I'm Joe. I can do that. Actually, I'm pretty good. If I if I said it wrong, once I guess my brain just goes in overdrive.

That world can I get some before meeting each other? Anyways,

I'm right. My wrestlers name is chatzky has like an over-the-top w. WWE wrestler. He's literally like a knick. Knack play. I wrestled. His eyes like tossed out random berries on the ground with a whole different reason. I love that. Okay.

An old British man, his body is an old girl British man, except for one giant farm on his right side that he's like, just it's just like Supernatural way. Horrified and dejected like like he's, he has not thought about anything except this. This magic is like 20 years and he's just like intimidating and Route where your arm is just the exit.

And it's so I think that I think that that is like the first time he interacted with his words twisted and, you know, just kind of flake Ended up kind of screwing up a thing, he was trying to do and ended up with this and then he couldn't be like a famous like you couldn't be a rich debutante anymore and so he went okay, I've got Briggs Penny, whether those are those are very fun.

He was, he was a gentle man, who lost his mind, the mannerisms of a gentleman, but the mumbling of someone who can't stop thinking about perfect, perfect.

What's the least put your warlock named them. So the old one is just a phrase that that is, by the way, where the celestial an infernal, go ahead and be thinking about that will come back to you. I've got the Ferocious emu and I've got Jimmy to meet in spite of his massive and he's very Earnest with the power of the Holy Light, because he's got an unfair advantage of the Holy power to wrestle. Hoping, he just thinks of it as soaking.

Sweet kind of thinks he's in the wrong here, okay? That's very funny. Is the condition that we're here? What we do now. That's, that's what they. All right, all right.

I said that earlier is one just FYI. I'm recording this entirely to capture comments from people, so that I understand what works. And what doesn't this game is, what I'm looking for, is not comments, like this is unbalanced. What I'm looking for comments are, this is unclear. This is fun and I want more of it.

This is the last one, I want less of it, trust me. And I can hurt my feelings because the goal for me, at least it's a follow, the Articles need it more work than it was worth.

I think we're due. So you haven't read through the, the player primary yet and let us know how it goes for everyone else to answer questions. Not me. But we're going to do a bit of a Bible through your territory is Wallace. The Ferocious emu bridge pennyweather and Jossie that I've organized them from me, going away from me, this is the first deck.

And so with people, from reaching in whatever was going to do, is your first going to get five instinct cars that are a little bit of Random.

These except the top word, routing gregarious or still, it makes the most sense for my character. I picked that for this and that everyone gets one with the exception of the road to get three items deck and Shuffle it

By the way, I'm making some now if people are like talking about certain keywords, if it looking for and someone else to trade out there, feel free to trade around and characters in sticks, this really emphasizes that your character is kind of like every scene you drop by card.

If that card is in your hand, your characters feeling in that moment, you want to tell me why they feel that way. And so having five and six rounds out your personality with the more I'm like, totally

I like to I like to praise will drive your character like a like a stolen car. That's a great game to look forward to looking for lightning symbol. In my note, I think I would be helpful because I'm not a hundred percent. Sure what spurred on acne what are some examples of like I agree that if there was

Sardonic refers to a grimly mocking cynical or disdainful tone. It is scornful bitter. Skeptical. You're going through this x job as a group Yeah, I feel like there's one shot style and I have a quick drop by and it's that tells you where we're doing, we're doing a slightly longer version every every single other stack, once you once you get there, I would say dropped by pick one and the Odyssey.

Draw five, pick one. However, you're willing to stay there for now. What are you holding right now?

1 2, 3 4. Other Cuban spot. Interesting. I think one

What would your character do prompt you to put like interact with the other characters in your party or the seafood? What I've got in mind as soon as I drop your ability for your class anymore, instant connection right now that you will write your name on it and give it to me.

So if there's a little boy so you'll have to actually under sleeve it, right? Your character and then give it to me. We'll see what happens. In a second.

Bond. What is your what kind of energy?

Yeah, that card was a heart and how many items?

The Revel get free items as part of a core class ability of cycling, knick-knack.

How are you going to get a connection?

I'll tell you what this is for, so you can look forward to it. I'm going to take these four cards shuffled them and put them into your for decks at the beginning of this session and whenever it comes up your mission is to go and interact with that particular character.

Even if it's yourself that you end up getting dealt. Is that is the goal.

I've got Wallace of God's Briggs.

One of the things I am finally observing life, what is funny about character creation? Why do people have questions about? So if this is not, we're not rushing to the game, this is part of it. I kind of like sprinting through, but I found stuff that I do my work really well for when I was in between Wallace for my head.

Like The Lovable out, friendly guy is Resolute is devoted to his friends into his, into his vows, his vigilance, and he's very empathetic. No. Not really, really understand the protagonist new, usually like the quiet side chick before he found. I guess God though.

That's cool. So he is just like in the way that he walked up to you. He's judging you the second he walks into a room with you so like tenacious help me with that word. Persistent British is the listener. I don't offer answers out for space. And then he is acetic acid pressure tester.

What you believe against the pain pressure and doubt, I really believe in what I know and you guys know nothing monks that go into cells without any amenities that did you see when you said it was leaking from it sometimes OK, Google Rod cast Rod, the attached to your shoulder will be

Alright, I will get to these in a second. I got a background. I got ancestry.

What's going on, baby?

A simple guy with a lot of stuff on his back. So is your bachelor's cloak. You will find in the freezer.

Pathfinder which I think is more. So maybe people telling him where you can and can't seem to move across various/. /. Got to find a job hiding within a while. He is resourceful Primal, Arizona, but I wanted to also learn it in the area.

I maybe I don't have too much pressure on myself but yeah, I think he's good with words if you were few in a journal and having some kind of look into people and tell them things about their heart and their souls, that they might be blind to get to know each other before this or you just meeting relationship. I'm making this up on the Fly, let's do this.

Well, will draw one of these and then that will be. You're going to you're going to describe how you know that person. So this is a great, a couple a couple of guys, you are a rather not or you will not, you will not you'll be new to the group so I don't good luck. We all get our own friends whenever whenever anyone is ready, you described in a sentence or two without what that sounds.

Like a pit fighter in this sort of a town that is sprung up around his around his little village and I Had been taught to keep you. Keep you out of the fighting ring for a little while, because you were like, causing trouble for the people nearby who didn't like the fact that you were just like walking around to and from in front of the Arena, they were, they were like, you may have lived down here for, you know, decades, but we own it.

And so she asked me to keep you to keep you out of the door, I guess. So, I don't know why.

You know, you wouldn't want to keep me out. I didn't even know about that. I didn't even see that you're like, I, I'm a wrestler. So they charged me with keeping you out and I'm like, you're what? Oh dude, you got to, you got to get on this wrestling since you know what, you could see, how do you know,

I'm a guy lives in the woods and just her dress playing with your background. You have a a band or what's your with your chest.

Who? What if I'm thinking, what you're thinking day after day, you go to the soccer practice at? Like what if I just end up sometimes it's like listening to it. What am I secretly? Got him a fan but the animals to you and we met when you murdered an animal in Frederick,

Did your first impression to him and put your biggest, you're the biggest fan of him.

This is your call, your job is to do they like wild boar that need to be explained, or they like kittens. Like I had to feel like I matter I would hope I'm not wandering the woods where there's just like.

Wow.

These were not listening to the music, but he doesn't realize that after you kill it hates you for it. I think that's that's the way you meet so I don't even know what to do. But why why do you feel so alone?

I've been, I've been cast out for my, for my Lake from my rich, like, lost family in there. They're just like freaked, you know, get out of here. And so I like doing the most like Prince and Prince and the Pauper like style, like, walking on the street. So, you know, looking disgusting to get all the poor people while I don't have a place to stay myself and said I'm like then I suddenly sit down on the streets and then I see if someone like a writing on the wall for 4/4 wrestling.

This way with an arrow isn't like sleeping in the alley. And I do follow it down and go into the the The place where I can buy power but I go in and they just reject me right off. I like weird old man you know any of the lower ranks like know, what do you think I have money?

That's why I left a little something. So I was just like what if I didn't set up then I can prove myself I can move the time but I'm working a bit. I'm paying all these people lost it all of you and you're so much bigger than me and so much more like old wrinkly in the farm.

So, I think I know you but you don't know. You know me. I like Harry overheard your speech of money with what I'm actually in there. I hide behind you at all times and you barely know I exist. You enter the ring to win.

I don't realize it but I'm in a tag team and I think I'm done talking with my dog. What is the name of the site and trying to pursue a path of Peace by the wrestler?

Apt on Grove and talk about some of your unique abilities, the growth for the Paladin, represent something that will be an ongoing prayer that will change his valve from scene to scene. If it was the two words that he's going to rain. So so entering a scene, you're going to have a prayer that is blank, the blank now.

So which which valve Trail. So I'm excited to see what you do over here for his action is performing his vow that he get to work.

Start a claim with the Paladin. I got a ready for today. In front of you, in your active area, for all of games, like they're not in your deck, the Patriots, a little different because when David chooses that brings his Patron needs to come into play. And what's her, what the name of your picture?

You actually pick up? This was one of the key words at the top of that card and describe how your apron whoops seen in. Your favor is went through 62 from consume void, unraveling and Silent to ask him, invoke them to do this thing. More pics up with him to see me for his money back and I will have you will that, do you fix the trim?

And how, I exact that cost from you or abilities were as we are playing. But the one for the road, you're going to start with one of your item cards in play Greg. And then the other thing that you get through right now and for two, I'll take all the connections aren't back by the way. Your second card which is not labeled cuz it's an Errata.

It's the one I put my Sharpie on a deck of purple robe ability cards. I want you to look into your deck right now so he's not black that right there in front of you right here.

A brand of a random guy. I mean honestly I would have you do it anyway. Here's your ass ability. You're going to take those three cards, you're going to sand them out, the play some face down in front of you.

Those are going to stay there for the entire session. Ace says this. So I'll just pick up his sleeve and knows if planning on things happening. When it's going to take place after record, you played, so can happen at any point. You have to say the words, I have been preparing for this exact moment.

And then without knowing, what do three cards are mules, Robin, a hand you didn't choose one of them and you're going to play that card with boots, too attached to it and see whether or not your master plan unfold. The key is you with

The flavor of this game is I am allowing a car plate. Is it cool? If you feel like you're telling a story in the way through classes would feel about your main core facility? My friends, whenever when you roll dice every time you were, the one that's true of everyone.

By the way, the storm is it literally just pulled away from you and it does not count towards whatever it is that you were good ones. Get wiped off the ports, so a little mechanical in the system for you, you get mad at one and put it on top of your race car.

And you start building a pool of Rage dice, city of your help, would we put guys are about to receive back him up, back them up. As soon as you have five dice on your card, you get so angry that you go into a frenzy. Clean all the dye off of your card you gain 3 boost.

For the next action that you take and you must draw the top part of your job title and immediately perform the action. However, you see fit. You don't choose what you do when your friend dude, but it will be devastating. What I think will be exciting to see if you could draw your boss, your connection card, your instincts card, it can be anything.

And if it's an accident, you will do it, you don't really get to decide. You can decide how it happened. But that is where your frenzied takes you, and you also on your second quarter with the U of A secondary ability to spend raised to do things to Avenger a lie, but I'll let you read that.

The reason I was explaining open now is that give me thinking of them even now we're getting set up for the session, but let's get started.

We were starting a session from here on, we're doing the session starts stuff with it. That much help. This is for our Barbarian friends which is here. Everyone else gets 3D 6 for your hit dice right now, your hit Dice and if you roll very high or low, you tell me why your character feeling that way.

Now, I've given you these these golden ones here, Goodness are Warlock and Barbarian are feeling very healthy. What do you feel so good today?

Could I like that'll make the carrot soup while I can? So I had to head to eat the food. This Tuesday gave me I guess I feel better but for the soup is good for you even if you didn't like having to eat it so good. I didn't sleep.

Well last night I had a nightmare that has me. What do I do? If your hit dice in front of you, visit your door and talk about his house and take us to our. We're not doing it. We're done doing the mechanic today but

GM and player, preference of any kind of campaign you want to run either third of death more than once a day. I would be unlikely but some intentionally set out to start for this point. You're going to take all of your ancestry card that also is going to sit next to me in front of you at all times. Every other thing that is not go into a deal out with connections card again.

What is a? We will okay don't look at this. This is the connection card that will also be shuffled into your dab session. This is the player character that you will have an opportunity to connect with even if it's yourself.

Get your texts. A party Shuffle. That is happening. I'm going to start our adventure and then come back and get ready.

By the way, I do not care about the air, we can eat and play.

What time is it?

We're fighting a free till about like talk to me like that little weapon.

So,

What lake are there any ttrpgs that are like inspiring this mostly it was 5e up until last year where I had sort of testing a few different systems for the one I really want my heart with a heart and the main reason they're too big reason. The first is that it has this followed a fiction approach where everything, move the story forward.

And I pick them up like really well in The Duality dies in the new severe. Barely, but I'd like the various you got to be so I can do your stuff, but when you give the g a resource,

Push the plot forward in opposition to the players. Wicked smart to stop because it's good for, you could go to the party, but every now and then and now Monsters make the story matter. No matter what you do, passport, pay it it always mooseport earlier.

And then you can give me the full conversion, right? When you reach the end of one of the storyline of Campbell.

55 2024, I decided to try to go very Orthodox with I want to see what the purest Like rules as written as much as possible. Version of D&D is all the I'm trying to stick to the book as much as I can with the rules that it as, okay. Purifying, you know, because I think I had a bunch of tools set up in a bunch of like things.

I was doing it. Don't want really necessary or anything. Until I was like, okay, I'm going to check in skill challenges because that's like that is how I text you want to make. This is the gold everybody in the room needs to to tell until we get five so far.

What was the first Casino Bridge, steady weather and Shop key here at the table? Now it is time for the lands of the flat top expanse.

On the Western Front of the continent where, Bales of hay and dust bunnies rolled across the Savannah, where there is a red rock Plateau that dropped down into a Steep Canyon where Buffalos and bison, run amok and the forests of the adjacent, northern and southern friend's house. All forms of wildlife, both against small, Western Civilization town that was once the court of a kind of gold rush back in the day, but now it's become much more industrialized.

You'll see casinos, you'll see in and, of course, you'll see the fighting ring at wrestling spectacle is the heart of the cultural entertainments of the Elms district with people coming at nice to find and cheer for their favorite wrestlers.

Talk to you because you find yourselves in the midst of the annual Royal Royale. Now the competition was about to get started, but suddenly you heard the Young Prince Macho dangling 15 year old ear to the throne, in this region, the regional Kingdom. Books that each of you called you out.

For when he claimed to be doping, a form of Arcane steroid. That was presumably after that Briggs with right arm, is it?

My dad, doesn't anyone who comes across with his top hat and cane and scans over? You like a u at the idea that check out what is the name of this illegal drug that Prince Macho is accusing me of using Juice.

Passing count draped over his shoulders like he just build it and leave it.

That to me makes me think even more that you're not looked at all. You said, scans read positive, come with me and he aims and Arcane Gauntlet each of your faces and immediately, you feel the weight pressing down on all of your shoulders or something, something. That has been split into your drinks from earlier in the evening. Knoxville house. And you're going to awake. Inside of a prison cell in there with your belongings. And you see that there is Standard wall and Iron Stone and iron walls on three sides, iron bars on the 4th You Lonesome window of iron bars about 4 ft off the ground, facing the outside and it's already late late enough in the evening that the competition That was supposed to happen.

Should be there very soon. You see that outside of the gate, there are two guards that are walk-in patrolling and you also see that there are two other inmates in the cell. Adjacent to you on the opposite side of where your toilet and mirror and think are located and are muttering to themselves.

One of them, with a lower voice, given with a higher pitch voice. The warden says, if he kicks the iron bar for the fellas, across the way and Lola,

Right here, at least until Prince Macho to take the crown and put you in your final resting but you didn't have to soldiers and crossed his arms in front of them. So if you want to make up with the black and white streaks, all over his eyes and his heels, he has and Morningstar one of those pelayo.

Like spiked mace has his secondary guard staying at the helm, she looking up in you up and down at each of you and says I wouldn't worry about that before or clearly drug. Play. I want you as you are suffering, the effects of this drug in. I want you to reroll your highest hit die.

Please very good. Respond to the poison in your blood. How much better than dollar a little bit better right now. I like that maybe there's a there's like a very Bush near my cabin that I've been just munch on for like window and I just don't read much of a bother but I just been eating for a duck.

Awake in this room, which where this will be the start of your scene. When the GM says start the scene, you may immediately draw five cards in your deck into your hand. At this point this is like any other ttrpg do. Whatever the heck you want. I'll be more specific heat at any point.

You want to do something that isn't on your car. Is it would just be like in D&D asking to make a perception check. You can do that. You don't need to have a card for the card. You up side effects based on rolling, with those one icon, at the bottom of the cards, or things you can do, on top of the base, ability to do 60, for every 6th.

At you all on that. Check car should be seen as a resource for you scene ends. And the GM says, start a new scene,

Use the cars that are in your hand generally speaking when that's when you know the gym is likely to move on to the next thing we'll probably start to steam. 50 starts nodding off, but the other female guard is pasting walking between yourselves and your neighbor's fell and looking at him up and down.

Name tag, says Julia his name tag says, she's not wearing makeup.

It is that you were seeing real quick.

How much is the Dyson? How much is it encouraged by the system of cooperation versus basically when anybody performing a check which is 90% of the role you were eating them with that car it instead of the ability on the printer card last one on the road which is really good that you're so generally speaking using all your cards at the easy way to get back, I'm going to go with diplomatic

Describe how it benefits your party. If you just VM agrees game boost 2 on the action. I think that that I'm just I can be very convincing when I put on that particular kind of face. So I'm trying to make her feel like I'm more important than her and like that.

I have that set that there's been a mistake that I only said I need to be put into likely, you don't understand how my family is convinced her to like check my records and see that I'm like, you know, like it'll be like a stamp from the country of whatever room you're going to step up to the, go to the bars and you said that Julia's walking back and forth and she has like a kick in her heel every time she steps swivel.

She is relatively astute and regimented. Life doesn't take much flaxseed, will Pace by yourself and sees you standing there and eyes are pinned down with suspicion. What do you want? You see us? My name is. What is a good title if it's like? Sounds fancy but isn't quite like the best title to do, you check your files and you look at my family crest and you can you turn back around and you tell them.

You have no right to imprison me on my Visa. Alright lyrics I'm also allow you to make this diplomatic check with that boost public. I'm going to show you one right now, if I were to set the DC for this and consider to be even, but I wanted some very into random, as I might roll two D6 because that is considered Capabilities as making checks cuz my default year old to be saying this is pretty difficult to persuade, someone who is not your friend.

I'm at 86th. And I'm going to roll it in front of you right now. This is what you need to defeat in order to succeed on your check. My steps, you're going to remove all 16 is, will explode and allow you to roll additional dice. It doesn't interfere with your, but it'll be easier to explain.

Once we start. I had actually brought a crazy but I brought a lot of dice for everyone else to use. I will use some different colors, make it easy.

Characters diplomatic nature. In order to get an edge on this. Good luck to be intensely successful but already. So what the first thing to do is going to take that one. That is called a mystery for your Barbarian card, which gives me. This is that seems to your mechanic.

That will be spent against you later down the road. The other 36 other encounters,

Okay, don't get it and bring it towards here and it is equal to or higher than a Dye. You eliminate it and it pooped and it would decrease it by what does something and, yes, I'll answer your question. Now, you can sit in any way you want it, or you could take it down with a two and then kill it with a 34.

Instant so overwhelmingly succeed. And this is what happens next immediately. Julia says, The baronet of the West Side, I'm sorry. I didn't realize that we had competed. Well I suppose we were already with some royalty in the royal royal.

Cover looking at the ball this year.

What's the question again? Sorry at this year's Royal Royale. Who do I look like?

Scotland. What if you want to be? I don't know. I'm in England.

I'm sorry I didn't realize you were here under such notable. This is going to be quite difficult for me here. If it's any consolation, I would be court-martialed immediately if I were to do go against my Master's orders, especially the Young Prince would have be executed on the spot.

So I will tell you what, I'm going to just step outside for a bit of a smoke break. And if anything would have happened while I was gone, then maybe that would just be something I happened and she Winks catch my drift. I would I understand you obviously we're about to go into your group, still check it is the difficulty is determined based on a full of dice.

Now to start I'm going to take a bunch of d6s that are stale. They stopped the number player even difficult for players to eat in total. Did you're going to see how this works in your favor? And just a moment, would be truly random, this is not a check.

So I don't know if you hear the word check, it will always mean those two rules and I get home when you roll. One here is your group still? Check yourself. These are going to be arranged into roast. What does it mean for you? I just know that this is mostly random.

I could have the option to rearrange these if I wanted to but instead As players just like how you have helped I I kind of have helped us. This is what killed your objective. You want to perform actions, describing them and whatever makes sense for this particular scene until you clear all of the dice on the 4th.

This first wave here is the only targetable wave right now you can't knock out any of these dice until you defeat feet and eyes. You are moving through the seen, anyone can go in any order, but just know that every time you roll in Progressive seen, I may introduce additional factors and risks that makes you set up a group skill.

Check says that everyone can have one accent satisfy, the conditions of the particular skill. Check, if you fail, something bad will happen. If you are still success to waves, then you'll see what happens next. And if you completely fail

Front of you, you may use any single action in order to progress the story, most of your car. But don't forget, you can do each other whenever others are taking action of wild action. And just discard a card to do it. Or how does that work? Are we all acting simultaneously?

What is so are you all together? Get for actions to clear this amount.

In a prison cell and the door is locked. But she just all she offered me. Was walking away.

I know we had a falling-out earlier when I ate too much of this too, but arm away from me, okay. All right. All right. Around the corner. She gave me. I think she's going to leave us alone for just a little while. I'm already working on something.

Oh, I think we can. You see that is one handed over his head hat over his eyes and he just keeps muttering to himself, it's hard to make out what he's saying, but something along the lines of super frustrated when you're totally fine to see if you can work until you're about to roll your delete, these dice right here.

So Anything about its really well, and taking out these diet, what is resolved?

So all you're going to do go for it, but it requires discarding, a card in describing to me, how you are helping chotskies, as he's attempting to lure the warden over to antagonize. Have argued that the Ferocious emu could pick him out and enjoy the weekend. Well, of course I don't think they.

Let me look at them. Are is, are you are you hating with the use of the car?

Yes. OK Google. How does an Italian Quarry kind of way to ring that together remarks and you retaliate against it like what you don't listen to honor that kind of thing in the other cell and he's mumbling to himself. And he tried to cover his feet, kicked up on the table.

And I think before I sent the insult which haunt

Battle Cry, help with me. I'm just going to shout at this guy. Awesome, I will accept that. So to suck on this check. Remove all once there were none and you explode. The 26 is for the diesel TV. Stick to roll on there and start knocking out the ice.

Starting with the frontwave, literally pulled off the table. Yep, to start deleting them easy. Now, this is it. This is a tough spot here that will take care of the three up and looks like all that does is take that down to a well done. Okay. Very good and if you're wondering but I personally do you hit the person you overflow.

So it's not like you. What do you say about me? He kicks one of his boots off the table that's bills on the ground with a shattered steps up and he walks close. If it's a few Paces you I am up and down but you noticed that there aren't any keys on his hip.

He seems to be simply staring at you beyond arm's length at the moment and he says, even if you did take a shot at me. It would only be the CO2 that you seen, all of y'all have been doing up in the air. So I will pass Bali swears.

I'm going to condemn him. You don't curse and recognize what they are. So I need to perform well we might be Juiced up an awesome too. Wish I wasn't

Opening up, he's been in these bars. I bet you can't do that. I need to stop giving to use a condemned as a card. Now when you see phrases like Faith, check, you'll notice that the formatting is just took folded it. What did you think of the word are almost entirely.

Meredith is just check everything else like but the outcomes are dependent on how we could say I will buy the way I want to. Double-check what is what is your new Old Henry Road before the season started? What is your new valve?

So, you can wait, if you want absolute team is Braille. I will allow you to use your vow to pick up the to dye off of your valves and add it added to your role as you see this. Like look, like I think it's it's a big, it's a big sheep.

As it's a really, really friendly sheep with like a smile on his face him. We can adjust. This is huge. Aura is fluffed behind you like a main and he's staring at you. Then this spectral. This is your chance. Otherwise you got three to six in a row. I know what you are.

I don't hear anything. So Funny go to what? Only one Chuck a what it sounds like.

I don't know how I felt this gyro, or did you already pay for the bar as its maximum at the side of the jaw? Go ahead and buy one from your age. Bring you to assure. Very popular. This the first time that you played an ability card as you.

So you have a few options on your car, Jimmy those, with a one next to it, you can spend your credit and order to perform. You may use those abilities equal to the number of sixes that are currently showing, which is 1 more than once he has like a curly arrow pointing to himself.

That means it is repeatable. Otherwise you will find a job soon. And then all allies game boost one on the next strike against them. So now,

Popping out with components. I'm not going to think overthink it too hard. I'm going to be awarded all of you. A boost that is specifically for your next strike against the warden. Hold on to it, as relevant right now. That's why I don't know if he's getting out of your pickup and then they must choose.

So, he must choose either Stand Down abandon their courses on everybody's season clearly. Now, I definitely would like you to press on.

Press On. and of course, oh, I see how it glows from behind you and eventually he goes. I've never seen your kind of wrestling power before I have. All of you come from, totally did it come through now in the first. But the second wave of this guilt that would be bet y'all are going to have fun a lot of Advantage moving into the next appear immediately know, this isn't real.

And eventually you hear a voice from next door.

Water.

And you see that there is a t like a like a scraggly Squad in the cell next to you who dangles, a set of keys that he pick pocketed off of the warden earlier before each. If you woke up the warden, which surround it says, wanting noise from the larger fellow just on the other side of the cell next to you.

And you hear this or I punched a hole in the wall immediately adjacent to you. Rattled out around you and you feel that The Rock humble directly and your direction. All of you. See this or candisky playing tumble through the room and the orc books runs This Together. Times that you were supposed to go.

That way of the exit Corridor is frantically spinning around trying to Corner you at this point, the pork and the tiefling say, hey y'all, you George are dressed in all of that wrestling attire.

Where do service?

I'm in here with you but we are. None of you understand. I feel like as I evoke the old one, you just like There's an illusory like image of my head off like inflating and and then like and then a flash of light and you see this black click void around my head like a inverse Halo and I'm like, and you see my voice is now light coming from this this part when I get to pick.

So all right thing and I'm going to use unraveling

I feel like continue unravels to consume.

Who got action, you're going to get the start immediately. As I spend the two told that I have a tiefling runs up and it begins to snip. You hit ground, like he's been juicing are preparing to crack their Knuckles and face you down in combat. Enter your first deadly contact, whenever you are in combat or in hiding to be W that aren't necessarily combat there.

Only two things you need to care about your help and the objective that is in front of you, I would represent that but they're too new things that enter the front. Whenever you enter a deadly contest, you need to resolve roll for resolve this and all terms. Physically place in front of your hit dice cuz those are the things that take damage before.

Your hit dice. Do remember if you get the roll two D6 and this is a result of rope. Friend has a buff two rolls on result. They get to not only rolling additional die, but then I get to reroll the result and that puts you in a pretty. resolve is Tempe feed me breakfast since you're committed to the fight, this is where I'm going to teach you, a few more rules how the playoffs In this scenario, all of you just like with a group skill, check or he's going to get one action for round of combat in any order.

You like, I'm not even taking turns in between your actions because we are going to have what's called declared intent from the enemies, which is what rolled in front of you as a threat. Because we're going to do I want everyone to grab some dice, specifically, I want you to grab, technically, let's get free.

If you'll see why in a moment, if you get to roll with called threats against you just to the 6th. But this is a threat. Check, remove the ones explode on the sixes. This is bad for you. You want to wait and low place it in front of you.

Take the two dice and I'm going to pretend that I'm one of you. Take the two guys from your thread, and literally place them in front of you. As it is attacking this turn because it is This matters for if I'm going to be really awesome as the only tactics in the game from like I turn to turn perspective this damage and I cannot stress this enough.

You are guaranteed to take no matter what happens at the end of this round unless you choose to defend against it. So on your turn to declare one, when you do, you get to use that action in 12, different ways? The first is against the objective. Once you clear the objective at the end of that round, you've won the combat in whatever way.

Seems to make the most sense for this, but for every single run, you always think the damage against you unless you can choose to make your action to defend yourself and I like rolling against those instead to reduce the incoming damage. Do if someone's role below, then this in the sea movies that are not being actively threatened very much.

So actually this is a perfect example for me to start. First start with using any threatens right now. What's going on? As these two prisoners, put up your dukes, why are you threatened very much in this? And why do you feel secure of? I think Wallace is he thinks that he's the Dober Dober?

Y'all need to come for me instead and and he's going to he's going to react by interposing himself in front of his friends. Is that into that actually a whatever moment that makes sense for incoming damage which effectively free before any damage results. Anyways is your combat are you have to wait here?

And you have to strike the first way before the second something might happen when you Wave at the dynamic and the fights in just a little bit boiler and it is not me gaining the powers of electricity. So I really I worked hard to prepare the space just for tonight because I was the one who was like, talking at that moment being very fancy.

And now, I feel like, I feel like I'm, I am feeble and small in my eye, I'm not that tall.

I do like a rocky Montage in his basement and ready for this thing to do in my mind. I'm so I feel like that my ego. Now, you said, actually your losing looks like 11 results. Tell me what the heck Eldridge? God above my head, like leeches onto the face of the sea playing in Brooklyn.

In my mind and all of the things that I've been doing okay, in my size satin. Childhood trauma is 46 years, okay? So you to make an offensive attack with Boost to take that check with 46 against the objective here is mine.

Do we get to defensively? You can choose to that. You can declare that now if you want, otherwise, your eyes are progressing, the fight, or you were defending yourself from incoming damage, this turn. That's the choice, that every player's career. All these guys next turn is that like getting this guy with the target, your body turns the strike aside.

I'm going to, I'm going to allow you to take it in terms of like reaction staging and when it happens in around I've been to clarify that super well but basically describe what happens and we're going to pass all of the threat to you as you as your body is now getting in the way. I'm like super and Came Upon.

Try to get this off of work is like, and what happened in the ego? Demon inspector? Is it that you think of life? And he turns to the rest of you. And it is now back to the player Spotlight. The fight so far is the same right side of six.

That was the guy since I think the dice to the, you still have the ability to defend against your taking on the burden, I guess if it doesn't work and I don't take the threat. That is how that works.

OK. Google what? What are teepees made of? I'm not really quick things like this. I haven't number in their head and it's beating up a little bit. Or if you always make everything consistent by Sangeeta. I always always beat the dice unless rule to worry about, if I can choose a number to be lower or higher.

Like, if I, if I wanted this to be easier, I would say, I would do some to enroll, or I could just literally put the device in front of you.

Yeah. I was going to do beat the check now, unfortunately, because because he actually failed, and this might have affected your turn. So I'm going to see how well we can resolve it to attack Wallace, and he turns his head to clobber you with it. So it is now back to the players with your actions. I want to let you take a nap then, do you have something in mind to it as optimally as possible?

Worst for me, the warden that this would be at the phone for me to collect those back. But I see why you do this way. I will say if he exits the scene but that's a good indicator that the but I'll do we have enough people there. Yeah yeah I'm on our way that's easy for you to remember but I'll just make a note of that. What's one against the warden?

But you're also some of your, taking some damage to the most people have today, in which you're doing this is not take up, you were asking for the route, but based on what is it? What is adequately? Ancestry act or actually accent like one, two, three, four, three total of your role in roughly 10%, Eclipse system of like, you know what, your options are the moment you roll with The Optimist ice few options.

Are y'all soon. Just let him know. I'm going to the auction break. That's the one. I hope I get it.

How about if you do that I will delete two of his threats. I should also tell you look like, okay, let's go with it in the air. I think maybe as I step towards you, I get caught up in your in your memory that you contact of that from my eyes are running up to a crowd of friends on the playground and then I'll running away from me pointing and laughing and then make a custom my father yelling at me and then it just feels like a waterfall from the sink.

You see tears falling from

That just now because that was an accident. Actually easier action for the round. I'm sorry to say, but that's all right with you. No more will happen if the pain comes down on all of you and this is when you went after the round with you clear? This is over.

I'm the only one taking damage. That's not. And then the other question I have is like can I take an action that doesn't reflect my cards? Like how do I do that?

The only downside is that there are no special effects and stuff. I mentioned earlier that I have only things that help me pay for my eye. So I'm going to play another reactant are untouched for you move ticket instead and said, I kind of always want you to be in touch with the wording.

I can already see, it could be improved, but there might be a situation where you want to take on the effect, if it's something that's good for you, okay? So you describe how you're setting up and you describe how you support them here, I'm continuing.

Snapping out of it's like a delusional raising my arms, looking at you badly and it is freaking me out. How do you end up supporting your friend while he's trying to take all the Heat? Well, so the way I worked with him in the past as I snuck up behind him.

So I just like, I feel the juice in me. Now, the juice is God, he's all ready. Not, I don't know, man. I don't know. How do you support your friend if you want to jump that card? Your connection card wallets that when discarded provide a super boost. It is our Super 8.

It is not one, but only for a

I will take that. And you clear the check immediately if you're going to do you make unheard of as a mechanic, the GM can pull from a basement on the scene progresses by if you were certain card is just helping, but I suppose I'm going to see you so badly.

Sneak up behind it. Unscrews. One of the like fasteners for the sinks piping system that have been using, hold on to it, and it falls to the ground, to delete to threat dice facing you. As his weapon is effectively disarmed, I'll take those. Thank you. And that was a reaction, wasn't it?

You shouldn't have more than a few of your deck, but he was ready to roll in this fight. So that wasn't his action.

Well, I don't like what's going on right here with these two. And I'm just going to use a little bit of a shield for the road. I mean, I've got three people and completely distracted. The keys off of the age. You I pick up on what you're doing up, I see where you're going with that.

And I'm using my settle instincts to keep myself in what I was doing before. Not change myself, too much to draw people away in a way that gives you more access to that kibo accepted. So this is a unique, like breakpoint in the system. I would say is that if you steal the keys, that kind of role, I meant to say does not fulfill your objective.

If this is the word for this, it's only like we even freaking run away that I'm just going to have your role for some damage on your way out. And you can just something I can do that is essentially turning what was into whatever it is that you paint as a scene and I'm going to maximize one of these and roll me, you look a little lies, the key.

But it's double laced in leather, that is a Crofton chest, five feet off the ground from where you are and it is a tough read. You need some serious acrobatics to get there. It's time to use your finishing. It strike a tit. 4 + 1 boost. Thanks to Briggs if he's basically helping you out a corner.

So she was striking a warden that was from his like exposing anymore.

Self self, check, self check, he can strike from hidden, is he using his strike self, grab the keys and leave him like like dagger in the same time, or something like that. Attacked an outcome 200cm. And then, the court itself has an additional outcome. That makes this the victims unit for a player.

So he's beat the player's, describing what he wants to do. What you would you have you want to steal the key card says. That's how I'm going to do anything with your critics can still happen. But it only makes sense.

One check to see if you like, but you said, you wanted to see if you can still get the thing I loved. When does the if you roll in today and he rolled me realize is like to touch these Asian? Well, okay, yeah.

Strike from hidden, what you are. That word means nothing to a mechanic that has hidden affect my ability to get hit. If you are headed in to make sense, the closest analogue would beat me to reduce your threat. But it depends on what makes more sense for for the same in general if you do one thing and then that is either to protect yourself to Progressive.

Do some third thing, I'm not, I'll just purchase like this. We did a lot of these like stacking conditions what does exposed and vulnerable in rooted and hitting me and if even if it means sometimes you do like the fact that my system does not always Grant you if you were here and you were saying before Spell check.

I think this has more to do with this right now. It should instead make it clear, the thing that you are using it for which is anything, that is health-related and that would force you to decide in advance is the self for an attack or for something else. You've determined that.

So that's a lot of words to say the simplest outcome is you've chosen one thing and that is the one thing you either succeed or fail at. There's no like middle ground or form backup option because I thought the game was intended to be about. There's not like a lot of forking trees here.

So

You got this. You end up having a you would remove this presumably but this ends up as told to me as if you approached this guy. How do you spell check? Go

Is this the smaller guy, right? We discussed previously.

I probably would have tried to do it anyways. So, I try to sneak up behind him to essentially remove and I would say he puts his arms behind you and he's going to put you in like a half melson. I told her you would place so you can start feeling some real heat.

We want action, let this round Wallace, what you got my cards and I'm just going to try and head. But this guy in the face Basics, action of attack action. So anyone could 8 if you wanted, but this feed the fire. This says, remove a hit die, from your pool.

Ignore that affected just a tad. I for him. It is a simple as Flavor of the car. Make it seem as though, I could help him. Here is my magic. I think that you goes faded at this point and I think I'm using, like, you see the veins in my arm glow.

Purple. As I as what are you just going to head? But I'm yet. And I'm, I feel like, I'm just like blowing a wind behind your a stupid? Like she said, you forwarded like I feel my dog boarding. Extradite.

What is another one Goodman? This is going to be the event. Remove

And my job is as soon as you clear. The first wave is to say this as a Genesis a you and your head, but it works so firmly in the middle. Would you tell me what happened? I think, like you because of that dust by the way, that's what.

Is it targeting in football? Like this, you ejected immediately, you feel like a truthful? I doubt One Direction and the first wave you see as the sort crashes to the ground, immediately the ground and without a blade from his pocket and At this point, we're going to resolve the remainder of the round is our actions are done.

So if there are any reactions to spend to your everyone, immediately take your threat of incoming damage, which you find yourself completely protected from your friend Wallace here. Everyone else. So the way that you 26 is right, for the way you would have played game in this situation. Remember, if it's too low, all it does is to reduce the number of yours is like, mine has one here but instead what these guys would definitely do cuz it's a the objectives to remove as many guys as possible once but you lose one of your temp HD and everyone else has you have y'all done your stuff?

Are y'all taking your damage?

Always always maximize the number for the enemy. So 4th to hit the, for always immediately. We're going to start the next round of combat. This will probably not last long since I'm guessing because this is all you need to clear it. But remember at the start of, round of combat, no matter what, no matter what you will take the damage that is in front of you, even if you finish the enemy, this route of the orc and you moved into the find a way, everyone remove one threat die, from your of facing.

You mean, you're only real one. Die for the central axis. You still exploded ice and remove 1. Which threatens now is lighting him up and he moved with his truly frenetic Pace. Like he's on some kind of substance send against even if you very likely dropping this route. So

Well, I think I she talked him down. Yeah, I will be I will be difficult because he is completely deaf youth hide, but his friends was unconscious on the ground next to a broken. Say are you going to go for this?

I think we could just all calm down all trying to beat getting out of the combat. I'm confused by that if that's what this check has got it. This is really good for me. So, because in the previous kill check with like, getting out of the cell, you were simply coming with different ways to get out and all of that was over there by the same for you.

So then that is fine for me, but help me understand this if it were the first out of combat and there's like 20 dice or is like 12 x 12, dice beer, And you wanted to persuade him to not fight. I don't believe that you should be able to do kind of whatever you want that indirectly or directly complete the fight.

And the way that the GM would narrate that is, you know, he walks unresolved he doesn't. He's not as intense about fighting you. And so even if later on, he decide to head butt him and that end up finishing the school, you still contribute it to advise would like softening about happens to us.

And then someone comes in

Other cards that have check if I were to use a check for a strike action, is it a check against that pool? Or is it a check against your rules? Say you decide whether offensive or defensive? The other texts on the card says effects of the gym, cut weave into the combat.

But in this case, you would add the group skill. Check when we were trying to bust out the prison. What did you call this combat? This threat.

Here's a here's where my head that way, right now. Imagine you're in or you're running through a a cave that's collapsing behind, right? And you have goblins chasing after you were done and you got like slag Tyson falling from the ceiling. So I I could imagine you as the GM opting into or out of individual threats to the central threat, right?

So like in a prison cell it's just a threat threat check, maybe because this is like because there's like poisonous gas coming through the thing and like I have my own individual threat to deal with of not choking to death.

So it was a one-round threat. That was facing them. There was no objective because they are and so they were just using their card to defensively fend. Off these guys getting out of one round don't die and rocks that were falling out of scrap, metal work in the system and then you just Define the outcome you're like the outcome is just you're still stuck there.

This one the consequence of failing is going to die but if we kill this bad guy we're going to take damage still by

Sunny, you're saying like the environmental effects, could justify this this threat mechanism, if you can't really rule that we, we still take the hits. Even if we saw is that because we haven't been taking action to deal with our individual threat, like, I'm focusing on the bigger than just like getting a limited and because I'm ignoring these, I'm letting hits through, right?

So is he say at the end the round, that's how much opportunity attack I've taken doing other shit intent. I will world. Is why is it

And so I was trying to go to this more abstract model for it because I really like the way that even having people roll their own fretworks. The problem of course, is that this system intentionally walked. So you, if you would to clear in the second round, you have cut the total damage or taking for the entire delete it.

If it if I were to remove the threat to permit for me a balanced perspective initiative, DND is that like acting economy is crazy hard to balance around, because if you kill you store tomatoes in the attacking you and put them around the Indy is like, no killed us, but you do the same exact

By guaranteeing, that you are still interested. But I agree that if you like slices in, for the ground, and the players feel satisfied by that, I don't know, exactly.

Learned is there sometimes it just takes the right explanation to try to get the same problem for work, right? Like just as trading blows another game systems are games out there that would, it's also weird delay which would be really hard to beat this guy. How do I, how do I make my way out of this and it, and it would just be a load on the DS. My feelings right now.

More battle, heavy Crunchies. Structures tactical, DND combat game. I can see people wanting justification through everything. Why is this like this? Why is this like this before? And I've been playing a lot of rules light RPGs lately which has been helping me shifts my perspective on that until I think for a rules light.

Like someone's really familiar with those. I think this would flow really well. But I do agree that it's A Hard Sell, maybe to the demographic that you are attracting with the, the DND light kind of feeling. The way I do, I think you can bring somebody that I think so, because of the construction of some, of the events of the objectives of something that's more open, and concealed like this. I mean, I've never been before getting to that point where I want to be really precise here because the girl for me is to take some Action System changes sucks at the next week so what do you expect it?

X and got why? And that was a 15-point or a confusion for you. If I got it it was you expected, to work to progress the main counter. Now, we're back into the answer being pretty. Clearly that GM guidance cuz I'm making the system up and having to be busy most or all checks, and that is how they should be placed, even if the player who sang, this is may be lighter in text in Fenton Michigan.

Two things I can leave the game. Marie part, in me is realizing that I'm using my protect myself against. I'm delayed ability to focus on the things again, like I would just acknowledge that I'm going to take damage until I actually why result.

No, I'm going to be in every fight. That is free, send it and you're here to spend spend that he'll what are the chances of us just rolling. And I say, what if I roll, two ones on my resolve and then two sixes, and everybody consistencies on my way to defend or do anything about anyone else and even life.

So like, yes, there might be around 4. We all defend, but that doesn't accomplish anything. How does that play out? Like as if Shirley narrative but it's not progressing, the story and that is a problem. Actually, the actions to move the story along. If we do a whole round of just defending Is that a fun thing to the tent was the numbers generally break such.

You are not threatened most of the time, but sometimes the threat swing very high and that is a moment in the story where you need to be worried about your own. But for once or have a friend for you about your, but that's the time you decide is fine, but 75% of the time you get to attack.

And 25% of time you to worry about the phone, which is mostly depend upon the randomness of the then that would be okay for me. I agree with and think that it could be a problem of that. The psychology of we're not accomplishing, anything feels the way that it does, because this is move the story forward.

This is Keeps Us in the same place and I don't die story. Non-neutral, storytelling finding? Because if it happens, instead of stuff is not happened. This situation like progress. Does that make sense? Because I sensed that you were attempting it to do to combat entirely, but feeling the season running, you think between us either. Stealing the Keebler jump outside.

The bounds combat, do birds running now, but I went in my mind, I thought this is basically the enemy's Collective pool of help but you didn't see it that way. And that is that is a rhetoric thing for me is whether or not you keep players that combat and put musica.

How I do them next latest. This is, this is help it. I just call it how it is, an abstraction of multiple you describe a literal healthiness. And then if you want,

Well, then that would that would be a double b when I do this action. So I compared with this month, trying to be better than, but I am back case, I wouldn't think of that is due to narrative. Dissonance to hear, the only reason I think you had that expectations because I stepped out the previous kill, check to make it where you can kind of do anything, it would help.

So how does a dog howl? Why wouldn't that be every fight me to go? You could try to talk to every enemy. I think was genuinely Bebe.

I instinctively, I would like I want to reward you for that. I will, I will end the fight entirely but I can always do, you know, this particular the ability to be flexible in terms of my action, impacting the group still check. And I think the thing that I didn't really like it was when you were like, I'm going to add in Ann, Arbor felt like

You just think I think it's going to be hard for you to do that in the context of the scenario that I'm doing. So I'm going to roll one temporary additional dice. That only that, which we can give you my check and then I'll be that first before you come out.

This is like almost

Health objectives that is left and you're like all positions. I'd be sneaky, Jeff guard for this action for you? What does it mean? So from his perspective, he would go with him now, because that is what, what is the reward for making an order myself to fulfill the thing I do to you?

You. Have you attacked us? I mean, no for what you proposed in your mind. I think, what, I what I was detecting, was you roll against this? If you clear it, I'm guessing is what your endeavors are. You like if I clear it that represent me getting the keys.

So, Good. We are done fighting and now I can use it as leverage. I have an idea. But okay, so if you're if you want to attack the thing that's hurting you and deal, it physical damage us like that. So let's say, I I go for the right and in your system, so far it like like you, you would eliminate these and leave these two, right?

And when you damage them, those go away, like house was the same exact thing. Except now, the narrative is that I'm trying to sneak away or trying to subvert them is potentially circumventing the, the, the direct damage. So here's the idea was like something like this stack it. So it's like health is still there and he'll still exist and we need to get 25.

We need to succeed in this non-combative way, just to be civilized about it, but non-combative way to wear negotiation style, to finish this. That way, I still have to get all 5. I see so we can keep beating them down. Get completely eliminating, a dive. But you could also say I'm going to avoid this thing.

I'm going to avoid this thing like for today. S health bar such that if the group agrees, it's mentally tracks, you with these with your sacking of the dice, all they need to do is run a persuasive way. Otherwise, they need to kind of go back to delete all five of these dice with traditional attacks.

And the reason you would remember that the sacking by his wood block engine lamp. What if somebody comes back in and they're like or if something bad happens, that makes it no longer profitable to these agents to let you escape or like, like you failed escape attempt. In some way, the narrative, you can remove the white Dice and they're still after you.

Part of the problem is like using the language of different Health familiar with the system and they could be generally useful. We weren't doing it today but there is a version of a contest that is not deadly, which means you will resolve and it is strictly verbal, a high-stakes negotiation or debate on argument or you being accused and you would literally roll like before but strictly rope by the only difference is that you when you run out of resolve you're just out immediately, you take no health system was designed in such a way that we could do it entirely verbal combat.

Yeah, I am back inside the, I do a lot of success with literally just turning into death saving throws. So I would, it would be role-playing that I said, make a roll. His first of three successes of the distance between it is true. Afraid of help. And there's a bunch of other bonus need to get on the side.

And I really like all the groups killed if you're done before. It's just that this time, you can get hurt. If I think everyone is a preferred. The second that's why I was. But I agree with, with, with, with honest earnestness, you identify the frustration, which is really important.

You're not in the wrong. What I've learned is if I said here is the objective I'm literally telling you these activists to do or get away from these two estate. What is your objective, blogger? Angry at you and they look as though, they're preparing for a fight that I can't go timeout or some t words.

I will sex like we pissed off like the garbage

Still get alcohol. And then get to the ringer. You had a combat was like we don't have time for that. So I just went by but I also look up your idea or whatever. What is your objective? And now we talked and this is where a player is not as characters.

I don't know what makes you would then. Say, well, we want to do. We need, are you if I grab the keys, are they are friends.

What would happen if we change that? I changed our mind, the right to manipulate the objective and you're not allowed to play us, some changes and objective, where the original objective still lies underneath and it still a possibility here. I suppose now that you've chosen this path, you can't do that everything you're trying to do anymore them because you've been great and then you discover a secret.

Now, I want to, I want to like persuade him I guess it would be something like this. You unlock the new objective persuade him to give you the keys and any by the way I would describe you. What would happen if you accomplish it. I don't I think it makes I think it's right to Telegraph.

What would happen instead of like making you kind of find out? I think if I were to say you persuade him to give you the keys. Be pretty clear. Just deaf. Okay. Fail Trigger or some way to like like because this is like obviously important to succeed, there's no reason to ever think about this again, it's just a smaller dice pool justifying near Reedley,

If I say okay, that's a good idea to give you one action to attempt this limiting, the x-head we agreed. Like this is if we agreed on what this is then heat, then you know he's not like the other thing, we decide just, I guess that's up to you.

Just looking to do something like that to the other challenge. If that is it, is it near?

Cuz it makes it to where you sometimes have a little less flexibility. So, it is a slight Nerf gun, come, and get me and kind of need it. Like this. And this is like, storming. The gates. You got like archers and then you got like the battering ram or whatever.

And with each one I can describe you all. It would be like, I'm standing in a room at 6, second round in a few minutes represented by then. So, I want a thing which is like a challenge brake. Check is what it is, like ideas for either enemy types or possibly just like mechanics that are secretive silent or want that require exactly to be matched. Ladies, tights for something very precise and very helpful to happen, but it can happen in the midst of the rest of combat.

I think that so many of these cards can be sipped, pared-down in simplified by a large margin. You are seeing the most complex in a way that they were very, very narrative all night since I've learned more about what some of these keywords mean, like who's been reactive bump them up and this is where I can save it for my, oh no, I have not seen them yield rewards.

Justifying the complexity yet, which makes me feel, like it wouldn't be necessary that you can bring it to settle + 2 or Draw to I ordered. But everyone will be welcomed that we were never really going to get the whole value out of an entire section which was 5.

Seems you got to use any responsibilities other than what was already in your hand and we didn't get to really experience the most important part of what do I do with a hand that I currently have been really complaining? This has been really good feedback already. We have our thoughts and I knew that day.

Visitors, love talking about James's eyes. I wanted to focus more on this piece. Let's go to this car here. The original design for this, the most recent designer, Jimmy played, was you have three cards that are strictly? They were called traits or strength. They were good with this. If you can prove to me or you that the action taking is in this matter to get those two on the bottom half or two cars that were forced into your deck that never left your hand, until you fulfill them by describing.

How your character behave in a way that was negative to the party which is spicy on purpose. You don't have to use it in the same, but if you don't, and I promised generally things don't last as long as contact, it wouldn't matter whether or not you choose to use it or not, but he enjoyed seeing people. Come up with relief for how their flaws came to the surface as part of the profile, meaning you choose whether or not.

It is a good thing or a bad thing is more powerful than boots too. So I thought that was a bit of a balancing mechanism but I'm just going to ask you even more fun as a player to encounter. Do you have three and think I could be wrong on this being which we happen to have one today.

Because all these dirty things for Boost rather than Ford Ross, I'm going to punish you for it out of cards. In my head, you were probably run longer than most on the basically I'm deciding whether to revert to previous system or keep it as it. I think the I think the the the social narrative benefit of playing a flaw and like the interests of that is going to be outweighed by people, looking at a big red word flaw and going I hate that I think so and I could be fun. After this trip.

You guys ever consider play. This is why I oughta be really funny ways to justify how that word describes other characters, doing the three strengths and two weaknesses to flaws. The reason why I made this move for this latest was one of the previous play. Tester said, really fun to have a car that normally sounds bad, like sarcastic or your greedy or a prideful and then be able to spend that in a positive way negative way. Different ways but how the straight comes out in your personality, which is why I made this change in which to make it worthwhile, this might be too much to keep in your head but what is if you play a strength before you can play?

Within the scene or for the general, I know the last time I played a card like this again rotating.

Do you have two sides of your like main character in one is fly on one Engine Thomas double-sided so it going to play at the end of discarded stays in my hand but now it took advantage of my resolution, but now I need to figure out how my resume with no card or something to just like you're my five trays and I Mark something, you know,

Play the other version that's different than somebody that's in vicious in the in that version and maybe with the particular player is impossible to say, but having someone dumped a flaw card in scene, 1 instantly to me, it's sold to everyone else that this is supposed to be a game about telling an interesting story about a thing because that's who they were, they were circus performers.

And three of them rolled really well on their groups killed in the crowd is amazed, and then he's like, Unfortunately, my character is greedy, so he's going to stand back his strong man act because he wants to win money from people at the bar afterwards, really bad for the group, in a way that was really entertaining, and that's what the game is supposed to be about.

So even just making it a tactical choice is probably not what I should be doing the first place cards but a different way. So I think I will go back to the connection, probably still be good enough to keep everything else is coming your card, put a car between us and we have to figure out what that our relationship is based on.

Like a, you know, you're you're related, you are I was just resolve as your saying written to be more like a relationship. Don't work out for their whole mechanic. There's no definition of just you, there's only definitions of your care of your relationships between here.

Regal that idea is it is yet another easy way to get gas and then I have to then because I'm the one who put it there and that relationship and then it goes into my dad finds between the two of you. 10 is like if you see a full character creation load out, I have a version of this word is like in because the one shot scenario where you don't want to waste too much time. How much you want to commit to that?

The more you do this relationships. The more you end up saying that this actually might not be as good as it does require something cuz I know you going to thank you. Thank you, thank you. And I am sleeping two or three systems changes every time to really see how they play out in field.

Three councillors. Think that I I was I was honestly just afraid to play this card item smoke bomb because I don't think that's how you play it out though. You didn't believe it. I would take the I guess I don't know exactly what you everything invisible to everybody.

Concerned as a player that you would, it would do nothing to the table but you'd expose, you never play with me. I'm very last place us halfway through the first seen through the players decided, they were married and live together in the same bed last night and that, because of the power of their love, they're going to use it to, like, in chance, one of the circuits, goers.

That's pretty sick. I'm sorry. If I came off that impression that is, that is not truly, truly this game supposed to be silly. It's almost weird this in my choices, made it like flies on a sillier fun, because there's choice now, and I didn't describe the objectives in a way that made it easy for you to feel like you could do an interesting things, but I promise that is the goal of this week.

I think You started us off and we had like, a social encounter and I think, like using the car's especially ones, we didn't had it, but it wouldn't say like strike. Like those cards in particular that does something players brains. They just immediately like, like this is beyond what I think is actually.

I have a script for the fuel. Check group skill, check and then in terms of setting, I've been practicing different sequencing of those things. If you'll please respond to it and I think I can really start with a social encounter that allows players to play what they think of as a combat card instantly is division of the heck.

Yeah, I dropped the trash can and tell him to take it out and that that is what I want. So that does tell me that I encounter design, Start with something like that and then also maybe reducing some of the complexity of some of these that card like you were asking earlier and I think this is a model it's more focused around challenge pool guy, soccer players telling you what they are looking to achieve giving the team the flexibility of like when I say exposed to the guard, dropped the next on a strike, find the Gap.

That means a guard. Dice is removed from a different row or something. Along those lines. A factor more. If I Stumble, right giving the GM, some ability that mess with the rose, In-betweener add players that make actions to accommodate that. I still kind of like the idea of what is exposing the warden mean.

Well it didn't make sense of this case cuz they would like linked to the unit. And when I could have just said was this is generally representative of your attempts to get out of the prison and then I don't have to spend all session worrying about whether or not that was getting dressed properly like he's guilty pool.

I don't know how you want to do that. Maybe it's like

Or if it's just like we did for this, you could reach, you can root an enemy emplacement, there's like a guy here that rooted for which means I might earn it, I'm tracking this and that's true for you to soak your acrylic cylinder whatever they could be sized according to get the role in its tail and figure it out in the scene with what the story is.

What if literally if you see a keyword in like a little b word like exposed in red, As a number next to it. That be if the GM agree that is relevant to the objective, it just Remove.. A diary of that value or something like that. So so, you know, it's supposed to be exposed to and then you do it in a combat scenario.

You say it. So welcome to play a control bit of narration, Phil I strike him in the ribs and it any become vulnerable and exposed to, and they literally reach over and grab that they are supposed to. And now he's now he's vulnerable. You killed over heaving, it seems like yes.

And then move. That's swifter and now it's imagine that you create and you get that exposed to listen and it's the light climb a wall or something. And you like not in this case that exposed to

Connotation to close in the contact climbing, wall know, but you do get a, you, your roll. Phil applies to the fuel tank as it. So, these are bonuses, that depends on the circumstances of the encounter on the defined objective. And those keywords can mean literally anything to work, can be whatever we want, whatever you understand that, when the judge is the GM, ability to say you roll, a crit, actually no you didn't and your credit affect based on the context of the scenario fact, that they need to know the consequences before.

And

Like this supposed to fax to this role, this specific combat in this type of system a talking about, because this is a traditional Steve entering genre where things explode and you can die that would be out of my very lazy answers. You're doing epic things, it is dangerous for you.

If you was cool to literally take a hit for your friends, if you was cool to see a dude off of wall, that's the only answer I have to exist.

An abstract game, but you're trying to add crunchy combat to it and in the context of like a challenge to me, because now I'm happy to do testicles to be competing with one another. Whereas I would 6 something like this to be closer to 2 blades in the dark and those kind of things where like, if I, if I can do like in the shadows, well, Why do I have to have this healthful where he slowly drains, or whatever, or I could just be you.

No Lightnings last and I still have to face down this this challenge, but I take out one of the dudes narratively as the gym, I just narrate it that way, but it's I don't have this like, oh I'm threatened something at the end or maybe, like you take a hit or something like that or it's a little just play with you all.

We will continue playing more games in the future. Do you know where put like, like are we meeting next week? Like do we have a plan? Mike, we can start a new thread in and I don't think that, I don't know what's going on with continued conversation happened to bring up moved up in the panel.

So you get the scroll up to find it. So, I don't think the way that we set this up ended up being really affected what I'm probably going to do a channel in Discord for Ttrpg play testing in general, there is no threadbare control up for it this morning.

I put it in a place that was not accessible. And I think we might get more interested in getting more folks together a little way further back off.

If it's if it's a seven step process of Sabi Sand Company,

Always show or something like that, maybe up here. Join bread for you could have sent a message that you have to send a message in a thread or else it just you just like you were. When you're done, I'll post about it. We'll talk about getting the next play test together so I can eat well and just very quickly, this is correct.

This is exactly what I expected to be and I was happy to be a part of it. I wish I'd been here.

Try to head out and I'll like you mentioned it earlier it's a week or power. And so I'm just supposed to be used as a gamer from like using it more often felt weird, that being a certain ancestry, it was only relevant part of the time. And so by solution was going to put in front of you, but I wanted, I never said it for this group, but I really wanted to try to move away from character sheet, you have 20 options, you're always going to pick most optimal in at all times.

And so, I was nervous about making those two powerful since they're always available to you. So I made them the snapchats that that have lower overall impact. So the question is, if it goes in the deck do, most people feel that is weird or at minimum that it is Justified and I think there is a Simplicity of it, just being a thing you draw and then you just figure it out.

So I can go to the dragon board card, didn't feel powerful. Comparatively you have to divorce the feedback on this card is we have a good one and this entire system for delivering, a game played in Furious is less than satisfying. Its

Make my own car justify that with the fact that it said like you are a tinkerer right on. I like to, I like the challenge and the second night made me giggle. Now Miss Lee is an exempt form for whatever you can. Just say if like all of your other ability cards, I think it would be asking you that that that's we also fear.

He was an active minds of react to puppy stronger than reaction cards for 4 p.m.

Yeah, I do. I add a reaction force in the game because of, in our in our last b s it's the the comet with that, there's not a whole lot. You can do other people other than Aid, ever-present reactions, that make it a little bit more Dynamic. And there's a real comes here, either, interrupting and ironically reactions, but make them less mechanical cuz right now or mechanical.

And I should focus on being waste and blow them out. Like, you know, it it's like a type of AIDs that has a particular connotation. I don't know exactly what I would look like. Just so you know where my brain is at. I go. Okay. He's doing exactly what happened to the expected X and Y.

And so I am not every player. Would have given it at least a seven out of ten and one person and then Amelie fold. And I think she'd go at the top of this list. So the number one take away that is actionable is redefining how objective work and calling them back and letting the players to find what that is.

Setting it from instructing GM's, like myself to Telegraph it way more and have that be the way, but the scene play out, their combat plays out and then secondary listing a lot of mechanical effect off of cards. And one of the ways we've got that, that could be possible is making players be able to stealth adjudicate these like conditions And I, I know, I just one idea that it is just the number of the number of dice you can remove and that's it, but maybe there's other than that, is there anything else you would say?

We should follow the things that's, that's where my heart is right now. I don't care so much about balance. So I think, I think parallel to the supposed death of the player giving the DMV ability, you like exposing remove to dice. Well, this is a good opportunity for the objective. Before because it becomes one place where there's GM input to increase difficulty in player outputs in terms of decreasing difficulty.

That makes sense of work work. Work say related to that, is that I'd really like that. Doing that has a combat and social encounters. The same resolution mechanism to think about this when I'm doing, doesn't this way. I like the threat, I didn't like it at first. Because I think I immediately kind of got was like I should never spend that time because then I realize you're right because if there's multiple turns with that relative, how is level, then I'm going to use help as a resource which adds tension to the game.

That's the that's the hope. If I have to preach that two players got a great thing is that means that GM that pick up my system would have to do the same thing about them in a hard spot. So, we'll see. We'll see if I can just the wording.

If, if we call it trading blows, I called a threat to the incoming. But that was already implied that you can stop it, you can but maybe it's a fine descriptor. I think the the there's no trade off though, because you know what I'm more concerned about being really.

Like, we're going to always go with on the threat and then slowly out the scene and it becomes really long dragged on. So if we almost that, like, there's no penalty for focusing on threat and so I think so, I think you should see about that is like, oh you guys are more prioritized on defending yourselves and you aren't competing, the objectives to be accepted at the harder and now it's become something that plays have to.

Like we need to figure out this balance between ourselves. That is, I did this in the last 12, infants of a need to the rescue and as the babies woke up there, ghosts would like possessed them and us are fighting the party. And so, as they are at the party defending against these attacks, every single action has taken the narrative, think of a direct consequence for being too slow and then bake it in the combat economy.

I don't know if there was a way to do other than just to have that skill level and making it to, where there is a cost.

Pretty easy that actually, what I'm sorry, doesn't feel a little better. I was going to say, I don't like over to them but I thought your but trust me.

Listen to talk talk out, taking advantage of the design space of the, like the rose when it comes to challenges. Okay, cool. You guys are getting more and more of a problem that exact encourages it and then whenever you have players do exposed exposed specifically, only affect future Rose.

So I can remove that from the future. Even if it's not currently impacting, the currently definition of a keyword like exposed, I mean, my phone is like, you can have two, you got your exposing it, I'm exposing it in conversation, your argumentative.

Keyword. And then whatever the one is that a threat to Player's, I think whatever it is. You do adding a diet to the threat or adding a die to the current front row of the objective. Something that says, okay, we'll play together more focused on the front front of you.

So because of that, the objective is becoming increasingly harder. It's it's your queen pushing player through celery. And what gel mention, I would choose that one because this makes it

Riddle here right now the system is unless it's a b like that that's intentional players are usually defending. So right now this is a check meeting to consider can explode. If you have some pretty sweet, I personally love that certain individuals.

Being that sweet pea has its downside. I suppose that if we're going to like a die every round would say that was it at all, always started till I would probably turn off it being a check. So now it can explode, 21 still say, and 6 is still saying, nothing is not.

It is not a check and then every round should post one. That means that pretty much if you let it get past three rounds. You're taking a dump. I don't like

It basically a guard on average to have it three and four, right? And then I have three dice here and then I have two on average people cancel each other out for the first round of combat. Then I have three, these will maybe keep me alive and by the third round, like I'm dead, no matter what even if I'm not sure if I don't want it to be like two dice in the next time, it's two dice.

I wish there was a more elegant way to deliver scaling right now and I don't want to wake me to argue in defense of this. Healing thing is actually, If you have four player games for additional dose added to the pool versus one and or two, and because I'm rolling two dice opportunity to make progress in the ice at a time.

Like like tackling these things relatively quick, I don't think it, I think, I think you could perceive it adding additional time to the encounter but that time I think that could be Marshal based on the number of players for the table. Because by definition, a round is like four players or two players in which is located, one person's accent, one and a half depending on like this.

Going for when I didn't catch it, or maybe you were just lucky, but either way, that's fine. Worse starts. I am just going to step off by, I'm not to spend all of it and I think Alan's. And then as you always do stuff this start sticking up. And as soon as it gets to a particular value, you've lost the fight.

And if you're, if you're intent 00, Start to different thoughts. If your intent was to like Lisa, remember, we decided to define the objective as a group, so you want to get up to this value. What is that mean? Well, one, I, the gym would have the responsibility to kind of just fine how it doesn't like kill you cuz you defended are you?

You play great defensively. But I would say, Hey, you successfully survived, but they're going to teach you. So you're going to have to run away or you're gonna have to surrender like, or what are you doing, baby? Like you lost. What do you do? That is one option. Greg said to have two crunchy of a system in the first place, bro.

I mean,

Whatever it would kill result and hit dice entirely and let's say, blah blah blah, when you run out, You are knocked out and you leave the fight or you have to run away or whatever it is. If this never gets too high. The entire party loses. and, You died.

What is threat? Look like if there's no Health when you do stuff, if you get mixed success and to do health and stress right now, nearest. I think I think making HP and were resolved like physical and mental health blank, scorecards you going to start because you lost this argument with the with the King.

How are you? Mentally scarred up from

I went back to the previous more reasonable example, which is that literally, the loose condition is just when it hits a certain value, deadly interviews are geckos in the narrative award in the combat example of because if you're getting the players, the power to bouncing coming for you. So it increases the death of Donald Trump.

Okay, cuz I'm dropping completing a ritual with a cell or whatever that they're working on. It was, they were just trying to kill you. They were What is only for the only objective from the enemies if you kill the player that unless it's a special final boss.

I am, I pushing back. I feel in my heart and I don't really like the idea of a toll being, like, I lose condition me. And I don't know why. I don't know why. It just doesn't feel right to be out of your control and like, it's got the right, you got any bets bets in Paramus, right?

Which is like not satisfied where we try to solve for you want threat to be, are you want told her we were coming up with ways to encourage players organically to be aggressive and celery to come outside of turtling and Depending on and we ended up with a different way, into a better to just have me roll and attacking hit, you really hard and you died.

So I did back in the day but they were trying to steal an artifact from a sleeping own servants, like a basilisk. And I said that, any time there was a quiet three packs in combat with the Indiana Jones.

Do anything. I considered noise, you're going to add a D6 year and I'm going to go all the D6 inside. What's the total of all? Dice roll is 26 or higher, the Basilisk wakes up and attacked, all of you do. It is bad for the players, stand for the enemies that drop again.

And so, can we make some noise that's never going to catch once you get to get them out though, and every Wednesday, It'll like holding their breath waiting for that to happen. So full of the rounds. I was going to say it. I say. All right. Hey, if they get a 30 and bake complete the objective of a blah blah blah, basement a pole, you wire it in directly related to Matt at all you game because it increases the odds that that rolls going to come up positive for them.

And then they get from the thing that they want. Is an option but it's less directly. You feel bad man. If you roll one but just the body. I bought the bag, I can't find it.

So Far So Far right now, I Just Whipped up every class to kind of see what the court gimmicks would be. And I do think those perform well with when I get close enough to really see what they're like, but I'm not going to work too hard about. The thing that you and I were both talking about with a fax like, Expose, and rooted and vulnerable, and how it is way too much work for the GM.

So, I did have someone interested in the thing that I said about players being a Dell computer case, he can work with in the same place in DeBary next week or two. But it means I need to change the Country of Texas.