Okay, so let's let's walk up from what makes the core gameplay fun. You're in a skill check breaking out of jail cell, navigating a sewage system, you know, convincing the kingsguard, like, whatever, what makes the game? I'm pretty sure what makes the game fun is, whether through it's your core class abilities or abusing your cards effects.

Um, creatively coming up with interesting ways to play those cards using Dropkick in a negotiation or using a strictly verbal, uh, thing in, uh, in a, you know, combat scene. So that is the fun of it. So, how do we take conditions or crit flourishes, what they're called flourishes, and make them do the same thing.

I think the coolest part would be that as soon as you roll a crit, you then get to look and decide. If this thing that is in front of, you can be creatively applied in the scene. Now, I can't take too long, because then you just get like all these nesting effects, but so we need like a baby version of that main feeling.

On the crit effect. I'm going to say what I said earlier again, because I think it's the best starting place. If the bolded word. Fits in the context of the scenes objective. You automatically get it, and it is just dice. You get to remove or some granular version like, you get to remove a dice of four or less or something like that.

That's the current version I have in mind for that. And that way, I can use any bolded word. Yeah, yeah, I can say, exposed, I can say, stunned, I can say, Enchant it or Charmed. I can make up conditions, and then players decide if it's relevant. And then, it's fun.

Maybe you have a stab, and it somehow inflicts Enchanted. You're like, can I enchant the orc with my stab as GMO would say? In, what way, yeah, yeah, blah, blah, blah, and it's a little bit of a back and forth. Maybe that ends up taking too long, but ultimately, if I say yes, then you get, then you already know what the effect is.

It's no Homebrew that the GM needs to figure out post haste, it's just that's why that's two or something like that. Um, I think it's, uh, I think that's just true of the nature and spirit of the game. Frankly, so I think there'd be a cool solution. Yeah. The system will always fail if the players don't trust their GM to do a G to get it correctly, so I'm not going to make this like a rules lawyer favorite game that it is.

All this has got to be for those kinds of tables, so I'm not gonna yeah, I'm not gonna try too hard to make it perfect in that way, but I think I think that that makes sense. I think the other thing, too, is that, um, you mentioned, like, how do the players adjudicate, I think yeah.

The things that I liked about the crit effects were the flourishes, uh, were, uh, being able to. If you were to say like a self-adjudicate, remove a one dice or some number of dice from the objective pool, uh, and then the other one was, uh, I felt really good for me to be able to be, like, hey, all of you, guys, you all just got a bonus boost ice?

Yeah, me, right? Like, that was cool or some other player. You gotta boost ice for me, yeah, maybe in this in this context. So, how do I help my my teammates, uh? Complete objectives better, or how do I help reduce the objective? Uh, because, like, because I crit, I think both those are are really nice, uh, feelings.

I'm I'm not. Those were on the palleting cards. I don't know if that's true. The other ones and there's other mechanisms, but there are a few. I mean, Barbarian has, um, boost boost allies with the rallying cry and stuff like that, yeah. Um, and how that's how that's communicated like the The Narrative context that justifies the flourish, applying or not applying, like I think is, is a fun thing for you to kind of think through.

It's the best I've got right now. I think it could work. Maybe there's like three colorings for those bolded, um? Flourish effects, and one of them is generally offensive and would generally be seen as progressing. The objective one is generally defensive. Maybe it's like a bluish tint, and you think about whether or not it can be used to defend or help protect one of your allies, and then maybe there's a greenish one which has more to do with resolve.

Yeah, but so let's take a look at Beacon. For example, yeah, if I crit, um, I perform a faith check on success restore, analyze composer, they recover a hit Diana's current's face value. Yeah, they also shed the weight they've been carrying. Describe what that lives. That's the flourish, they said, the way they're then carrying described with that lifts.

Yeah, that's directly narrative, so it's just it's just a narrative. Crit, uh, charges rattled. Yeah, uh, the flourish effect is rattled. They stagger blind, hands up against the light, um. Would that be an exposed? I take a pool, a card from the pool. Yeah, I would probably put blind or staggered in red.

It would be a red bolded text, which signals to the player. Oh, if I can communicate to the Jew, if I look at the objective, and it is clear that staggering the enemy progresses that objective. Then I get stagger, one meaning, remove a die from the objective, and if it were emboldened, some sort of positive word for a friend, and it were in blue with the number next to it that signals the player to go.

If I can describe how this emboldens them, they gain a resolve die, or they get, I don't know they, they I get to use this to remove a threat that's facing them. So, the other one that I think would be interesting just in the context of keeping, because I think what we're what you're you're coming to.

And then just to kind of maybe say the transcript. Yeah, is that you're you're, you're making the objective play easier. You're adding, um. Narrative shorthand that applies the same way so that there's less complexity for players and the GM to have to adjudicate, and you're defining the ways with which that shorthand applies.

So, what's the narrative trigger? And then, what's the actual impact in terms of the effects? The effects you've defined are boosting other players. The effect is removing dice from the objective pool, and then the third one which I thought was fun for the the Paladin. Is reducing the number of threat dye that I or other players get at the start of each round of.

That's kind of like it's boost. Defense, which is removing threat that that is defending. Offense. Yeah, and maybe healing. Some Classics have a little bit of healing that's attached to it. Yeah, I mean, and Barbarian has things like out of rage dice to their pool. So, like class specific specific effects, Paladin could probably have one.

That's, like, re-roll your vow, right? So you get a vow a second time in the scene. Yeah, so you can have things that like power up there. Yeah, this this. Okay, I feel like we're getting closer. This is widening my view and and really. What is combat, but a vehicle for interesting, high-stakes storytelling done quickly, quickly, quickly in the context of the story?

Not in terms of how it's actually resolved. But if my like, what I would want for my system is, by the end of the night, players go. Remember when we fought those three dragons or those three, those three lines in the last encounter like, or that those those ghostly knights and you crit on hexing the lead night.

So he dropped his sword and prayed to your God before you smote him like, that's. That's what it's all about. That's cool. It doesn't really matter how any of this happens. So, if dropped his sword and prayed to your God translates mechanically to your Smite card, saying exposed three on two crits.

And you roll the double crate and you're like? Boom! Boom! He falls down and prays to my God. Yeah, and I'm like, that's exactly what happens. You go freaking go like, you remove three dice from just just the objective, right? It's the same as if you kicked him with three dice, right?

Yeah, but it thematically. You get to describe what that means based on nothing other than the language on your card. It says the word Smite. There's some flavor text on it. If all of that worked that would deliver on my vision, that's what I think. Would work, so that's what I'm going to do next.

Um, real quick, uh, Joey you, um? Was there any moment at the table that was like the most memorable for you in terms of what happened with the players? Like, what was the thing that you were like that slapped? And then, that needs to make sure it doesn't go away.

Like, oh, well, like, what was my favorite part of the session? Or, like, maybe both like that was the experience part of the game? Yeah, that's actually, generally. I like to ask Don at the end. It's good to bank those thoughts. Yeah, thanks for asking. Yeah, because especially to the GM, it informs the GM is, like, oh, what?

What are the players most into, especially for a table of people, you know? Yeah, what do you want to do more of? It wasn't my favorite part. Screaming at the guy to get him to stand up was fun. Yep, maybe that was, like, my like, the favorite. My favorite thing that I did.

I'm so bummed, I didn't really give you the chance to frenzy out, uh? No, no, no, I really wanted to see Ace and frenzy, and some more vows, and I just needed more scenes. I'm kind of bummed, because I think a skill of playing teaching RPGs is understanding that, like, you know, your head is your character sheet in this game about any in any game.

When you have your character shape, my favorite things are the things that are not on your hair sheet actually, which is a skill of any every every GT RPG. Oh, these are all my special pool abilities, but behind this cool, quirky idea that isn't it? Okay, yeah, and I didn't because I'm new to this game.

I don't understand that skill yet. And I think there's the two skills of your game is one one is doing. That is saying, even though this is my character. I put my hand down. I want to try this other thing that you never would have expected, and the other thing is saying, oh well, this is my hand.

Oh, so this informed my characters like, move right. Now you know what I mean, I felt kind of disarmed for a lot of the session. Actually, because all of my things were just like Barbarian, like, Punchy stuff? Yeah, especially in the part that wasn't combat. I was like, we're in the scale or whatever.

I was like, these are all Punchy movies. I got nothing to do okay, which was stupid because what I should have said is, oh, my characters in a Punchy mood right now. Yeah, that so? He does just punch punch the wall like that other organic. I appreciate your your heart.

I, I might even say humility and and seeing it that way, because that is my goal. But I'm gonna I'm gonna challenge myself with that. Actually, you know what, I'm gonna. It's what you said earlier. The very first scene should Telegraph to the players an opportunity to use a card in an unexpected way.

Um, way, before combat way before, like a group skill check, such that they get it immediately and having one veteran player demonstrate is nice, obviously. Just like in any any system, but like I'm going to use, I can use an example like Dropkick in this negotiation and the GM will say yes, because it's awesome, and that is the game.

I, I failed. I should have wheeled next time, uh, really push that in the way that scenes player. Script kind of the first encounter to be that, and then, by the way, just make the scene shorter saying that on the transcript make the scene shorter, just like move into the next scene.

There's no, there's no real. I'm not like trying to kill you. I should just let you draw as soon as combat start as you get the feeling. The straight dopamine of drawing five new cards and seeing what you're gonna do with it. But that's all right. Yeah, next time I, I have had fun every time I played this.

And uh, that's a good sign for me, but it can be way better is the cool part in terms of like maturity of the game, right. Like, I think a good question to measure. This is like, would you voluntarily pull this game off the shelf to show this to new people, and if so, like, who would it be like?

What? What is your read on the current state of the game? Uh, how do you? How would you feel about that? Um, I think I'm slightly. Sure. So, like, there are certain ttrpgs that I read. I'm, like, oh yeah, no, not interested. There's something like, that's interesting, but I've written.

There's some games that, I'm, like, yeah, I didn't show my friends list. Yeah, this is cool. Yeah, yeah, where's it at on that scale. I've never played a game like this. I've never played a game where you're where the whole game is cards, so this absolutely would be a game that.

Well, like when I think about tgrpgs where the the main shtick is that it is a card game. You don't have a character sheet. Yes, this would be a game that I would reference and refer to just like there are just like when we talk about any teacher RPG.

Yeah, oh, you know, which actually is something that came to mind the other day when, uh, you posted something you were like. When you're making a TT RPG, like, how do you do attributes. It's like, yeah, our games don't use attributes. They're actually really cool games like City Miss.

And that kind of, yeah, yeah, so City Miss is a game that I would reference. I've never actually played that game, but I want to it. Um, that I would reference because it's a game that does a thing that I haven't seen other games. Do you know what I mean, this is a game that does things I haven't seen other games.

No, and it's also like. Well designed in the way with it. Doesn't just do a thing no one else does for its own sake, because it's oh, no one else has done it. It's like, if you do that, because it's true to the to your goals of the game, the spirit of the game.

It's very improv, heavy. It's, it's rules, light, it's, it's narrative, it's, uh, yeah, very improvity, like, from scene to scene, which is cool, so I, I'm really, really happy to refer to it. Yeah, I'll, uh, I mean, so one, uh, the first name of this game was, uh, act tactics.

The idea being that, like, if mostly about scenes and acting and improv, but because you have cards in your hand, you get to make choices around how those cards at the table and I switched to this name for the rhetoric that I think you really rocked to, which was no, no by hand is on.

My character feels we're like two different people in a way, and I get to pop it this crazy monstrosity, um, especially through when you frenzy out, and then top deck, you know, the NPC, and you suddenly have to describe why you're mad at the NPC? So? Uh, I'm gonna keep the name Instinct for a while, but that, that is, I think you really.

It's cool, you really get that. And, uh, I appreciate you asking. This really is the opportunity to say, like, hey, we've got a Discord for the game design. Part of this, like, talk. I'm gonna post this play test and like, describe it. Are you in Discord or would be interested in seeing some of that stuff?

Oh wait, what do you mean like listening back to this? No, no, no being, and being in the Discord where I post updates to the game's design. Oh, sure, I mean, you have your own Discord where you do it. Oh yeah, yeah, just, it's literally. Hey, um?